2	
1	Expected "<mode> <type> <hash> <size>\t<name>", for ls-tree of 
1	Expected "\\n" at beginning of T_WHITESPACE token at head of 
1	Expected "\r\n" or "--" after multipart data boundary.
1	If you are here for code review, let\'s set up your first 
1	If you\'re new to %s, these optional steps can help you learn the 
1	M\'Lady
1	Override this identity\'s assignment.
1	Recipient PHID "%s" is not a valid user PHID.
1	Recipient Removed
1	Recipient name is required.
1	Reclaim Revision
1	Reclaim a revision.
1	Reclaim unused resources.
1	Reclaimed Resources
1	Reclaimed resource %s.
1	Recompute common ngrams. This is an advanced workflow that 
1	Reconnect
1	Recorded items (sample):
1	Recover access to an account if you have locked yourself out.
1	Recover directly into a full session without requiring MFA 
1	Recurrence
1	Recurring
1	Recurring event frequency.
1	Recurring event range queries must have an end date, a limit, or 
1	Redirect URI in request and no redirect URI in authorization 
1	Redirect URI in request must exactly match redirect URI 
1	Reef
1	Ref "%s"
1	Ref "%s" does not exist in this repository.
1	Ref %s "%s" no longer exists.
1	Ref %s "%s" no longer points at %s.
1	Ref %s "%s" now points at %s.
1	Ref %s "%s" still points at %s.
1	Ref Fields
1	Ref Name
1	Ref New
1	Ref Old
1	Ref Type
1	Ref change type
1	Ref name
1	Ref type
1	Reference
1	Reference: Advanced Functions
1	Referenced File Visibility
1	References
1	References a host lease from Drydock.
1	References a working copy lease from Drydock.
1	Refresh
1	Refresh %s Account
1	Refresh Account Link
1	Refresh LDAP Account
1	Refresh OAuth access tokens. This is primarily useful for 
1	Refresh tokens for a given user.
1	Refreshing account #%d.
1	Refund
1	Refund Order?
1	Refunded
1	Refusing to assess image dimensions of chunked file.
1	Refusing to assess image dimensions of file chunk.
1	Refusing to generate a subscription invoice for a billing period 
1	Refusing to list potentially dangerous ref ("%s") beginning 
1	Refusing to proxy a request to IP address ("%s") which is not 
1	Refusing to redirect to local resource "%s". The URI has a 
1	Refusing to redirect to local resource "%s". This URI is not 
1	Regenerate
1	Regenerate the HMAC key used to sign requests made by this 
1	Register
1	Register an Account
1	Register this host as an Almanac device.
1	Register this host even if keys already exist on disk.
1	Registered Event Listeners
1	Registration Failed
1	Regnerate Key
1	Regular expression "%s" in Herald rule "%s" is not valid, 
1	Regular expression "%s" is invalid!
1	Regular expression pair is not a pair!
1	Regular expression pair is not valid JSON!
1	Regular expression to link external bug tracker. See 
1	Reindex all documents.
1	Reindex objects previously indexed on or after a 
1	Reindex objects previously indexed on or before a 
1	Reindex objects previously indexed with a particular 
1	Reinstate Only This Event
1	Reinstate This And All Later Events
1	Reinstate only the event which occurs on %s.
1	Reinstate this event and all events in the series which occur 
1	Reinstate this event?
1	Rejected by Herald
1	Rejected: Broken
1	Rejected: Dangerous
1	Rejected: Enormous
1	Rejected: External Hook
1	Rejected: Herald
1	Rejected: Oversized File
1	Rejected: Touches Too Many Paths
1	Related Fields
1	Related Object
1	Related Objects
1	Related PHID
1	Related commits.
1	Relationships
1	Relative TTL must be zero or more seconds, but "%s" is 
1	Relative TTL must not be more than "%s" seconds, but TTL 
1	Release Lease?
1	Release a lease.
1	Release a resource.
1	Release all leases. Dangerous!
1	Release all resources. Dangerous!
1	Release and update package versions.
1	Released cluster write lock.
1	Releasing a resource releases all leases and destroys the 
1	Relevance
1	Reload Page
1	Reload event imports from the command line. Useful for 
1	Reload events imported from this source.
1	Reload from GitHub
1	Reload this source? Events imported from this source will 
1	Reloading daemons (triggered by overseer module "%s").
1	Reloading in response to signal %d (%s).
1	Reloading in response to signal %d.
1	Reloading process %d...
1	Remarkup
1	Remarkup Example
1	Remarkup rule precedence is dangerous: rendering text with tokens 
1	Remarkup text.
1	Remote Repositories
1	Remote sync only supported for git!
1	Remove %s Flag
1	Remove %s as a project member of %s?
1	Remove %s as a watcher of %s?
1	Remove %s as an administrator? They will no longer be able to 
1	Remove %s as the automatic payment method for subscription %s?
1	Remove %s flag.
1	Remove %s from this room?
1	Remove Action: %s
1	Remove Custom Logo
1	Remove Dashboard Panel
1	Remove Factor
1	Remove PHP %s
1	Remove Paragraph
1	Remove Participant
1	Remove Password
1	Remove Project Tags
1	Remove VCS Password
1	Remove as Administrator?
1	Remove flag
1	Remove interface %s on device %s?
1	Remove me as a subscriber
1	Remove members.
1	Remove multi-factor authentication from an account.
1	Remove panel %s from dashboard %s?
1	Remove project rule value should be a list, but is not 
1	Remove project tags.
1	Remove project tags: %s.
1	Remove projects
1	Remove projects: %s.
1	Remove rule author as subscriber.
1	Remove subscribers rule value should be a list, but is not 
1	Remove subscribers.
1	Remove tab?
1	Remove task assignee.
1	Remove the payment method %s from your account?
1	Remove trust from an OAuth client. Users must manually confirm 
1	Remove yourself as a subscriber.
1	Removed "%s" flag.
1	Removed Flag
1	Removed Label: %s
1	Removed Milestone: %s
1	Removed Project Tags
1	Removed Subscribers
1	Removed diff content
1	Removed repository "%s" from cluster service.
1	Removing subtask edge to %s, foreign object is not visible.
1	Rename Panel
1	Rename User
1	Rename the application.
1	Rename the countdown.
1	Rename the dashboard.
1	Rename the event.
1	Rename the export.
1	Rename the file.
1	Rename the import.
1	Rename the panel.
1	Rename the plan.
1	Rename the portal.
1	Rename the project
1	Rename the repository.
1	Rename the task.
1	Renamed
1	Render Honors
1	Rendering Jupyter Notebook...
1	Reopen
1	Reopen Initiative?
1	Reopen Revision
1	Reorder Fields
1	Repaint
1	Repaired Config
1	Repaired commit "%s".
1	Reparse all commits in the specified repository.
1	Reparse all steps which have not yet completed.
1	Reparse commit messages.
1	Reparse source changes.
1	Repeat Until
1	Repeat archived, successful tasks.
1	Repeat tasks which already completed successfully.
1	Repeat until date is invalid.
1	Replace matching prefixes with this string.
1	Replace the default title line with a human-readable revision 
1	Replaced With
1	Replaced image ("%s") belongs to the wrong mock ("%s", expected 
1	Replay
1	Replica
1	Replication
1	Reply addresses can either be private (more secure) or 
1	Reply and quote selected inline comment.
1	Reply handlers can no longer be overridden with configuration.
1	Reply hints are no longer shown in mail.
1	Reply to Comment
1	Reply to Inline Comment
1	Reply to selected inline comment or change.
1	Report that the target is complete, and the target has failed.
1	Report that the target is complete, and the target has passed.
1	Report that work on the target is ongoing. This message can be 
1	Report this Issue to the Upstream
1	Reporting Lint Results
1	Reporting Unit Results
1	Reports / Burnup
1	Repos
1	Repositories are now locked. You may begin maintenance in 
1	Repositories can not be permanently destroyed from the web 
1	Repositories must have a name.
1	Repositories to link symbols from.
1	Repositories: ...
1	Repositories: Invalid Project
1	Repository "%s" does not exist!
1	Repository "%s" does not exist.
1	Repository "%s" does not have a correctly configured remote URI. 
1	Repository "%s" does not have a working copy on this device 
1	Repository "%s" exists on more than one device, but no device 
1	Repository "%s" has no active binding to device "%s". 
1	Repository "%s" has versions on inactive devices. Demote 
1	Repository "%s" is a cluster repository, but the current host 
1	Repository "%s" is a non-hosted Subversion repository, which 
1	Repository "%s" is already imported.
1	Repository "%s" is already importing.
1	Repository "%s" is already queued.
1	Repository "%s" is being synchronized on device "%s", but 
1	Repository "%s" is bound to multiple active repository hosts, 
1	Repository "%s" is currently updating.
1	Repository "%s" is not a Git repository. Git LFS is only 
1	Repository "%s" is not a cluster repository, but the current 
1	Repository "%s" is not a cluster repository: it is not 
1	Repository "%s" is not a valid repository, or you do not have 
1	Repository "%s" is not a valid repository.
1	Repository "%s" is on cluster service "%s", but that service 
1	Repository "%s" is on cluster service "%s", but that service is 
1	Repository "%s" is on cluster service "%s", but the binding 
1	Repository %s has an ambiguous leader.
1	Repository %s has unreplicated changes (for %s).
1	Repository %s has unreplicated changes.
1	Repository %s is no longer pullable; skipping.
1	Repository ("%s") does not exist, or you do not have 
1	Repository ("%s") has unsupported VCS ("%s").
1	Repository Callsign
1	Repository Disabled
1	Repository Errors
1	Repository Metrics
1	Repository Needs Update
1	Repository Not Active Yet
1	Repository Operation
1	Repository PHID "%s" does not exist.
1	Repository PHID to create a new URI for.
1	Repository Pull Events
1	Repository Ref
1	Repository Servers
1	Repository Services
1	Repository Short Name
1	Repository Status
1	Repository URI copied.
1	Repository Unconfigured
1	Repository Unsupported
1	Repository encoding "%s" is not valid: %s
1	Repository has no URIs set.
1	Repository identifier "%s" (in hint at index "%s") does not 
1	Repository is not available yet!
1	Repository refs have the same policies as their repository.
1	Repository status "%s" is not valid. Valid statuses are: %s.
1	Repository that the documentation belongs to.
1	Repository was not found.
1	Repository: %s
1	Republish a feed event to all consumers.
1	Republishing story...
1	Request Changes
1	Request Review
1	Request Timeout
1	Request Verification
1	Request changes to a revision.
1	Request did not include account key.
1	Request failed with errors: %s.
1	Request has bad "Host" header.
1	Request included a client_id parameter and an "Authorization" 
1	Request includes restricted parameter "%s", but this 
1	Request input, in bytes.
1	Request is missing required "%s" parameter.
1	Request output, in bytes.
1	Request parameter %s does not specify a valid client application.
1	Request parameter %s specifies an invalid redirect URI. 
1	Request parameter %s specifies an unsupported response type. 
1	Request to "%s" failed: %s
1	Requested
1	Requested A Review Of
1	Requested At
1	Requested Changes (by %s)
1	Requested Changes To
1	Requested Changes to Prior Diff
1	Requested Changes to Prior Diff (by %s)
1	Requested Review
1	Requested Verification
1	Requested handle "%s" was not loaded.
1	Requestor
1	Requests which are currently authenticated with the old key 
1	Require
1	Require "Test Plan" field?
1	Require Administrators to Approve Accounts
1	Require DarkConsole Activation
1	Require Existing Duo Account
1	Require Login
1	Require a vote to see the responses
1	Require administrators to approve new accounts.
1	Require administrators to unlock the authentication provider 
1	Require all users to configure multi-factor authentication.
1	Require document signatures: %s.
1	Require email verification
1	Require email verification before a user can log in.
1	Require mail content be transmitted only over secure channels.
1	Require secure email
1	Require signatures
1	Required Capabilities on Other Objects
1	Required Input
1	Required PHP extensions are not installed.
1	Required Signature
1	Required Signatures
1	Required int param not provided: %s
1	Required parameter %s was not present in the request.
1	Required parameter `parentPanelPHIDs` is not present in 
1	Required parameter code missing.
1	Required request parameter %s is missing.
1	Requiring a high-security session from a user with no session!
1	Research
1	Reserved
1	Reserved Recipient
1	Reserved: %s
1	Reset
1	Reset action counters for this user.
1	Reset action counters so a user can continue taking 
1	Reset all common ngram records.
1	Reset all counters.
1	Reset cursor __cursor__.
1	Reset property "%s" to its default value?
1	Resetting common ngrams for "%s".
1	Resetting cursor %s...
1	Resign as Auditor
1	Resign as Reviewer
1	Resign from a revision.
1	Resigned From
1	Resolve Issue
1	Resolve Setup Issues
1	Resolve issues with frozen cluster repositories. Very advanced 
1	Resolve references into stable, canonical identifiers.
1	Resolved Issue
1	Resolved Questions
1	Resolving update for "%s".
1	Resource "%s" could not be reclaimed.
1	Resource "%s" does not have a header doc comment. Encode 
1	Resource "%s" is not releasable.
1	Resource "%s" must %s at most one Celerity target.
1	Resource "%s" was reclaimed.
1	Resource %s %s
1	Resource ID to release.
1	Resource ID to update.
1	Resource Not Releasable
1	Resource activation failed: [%s] %s
1	Resource deflation is now managed automatically.
1	Resource minification is now managed automatically.
1	Resource reclaimed by %s.
1	Resource source defines two resources with the same name, 
1	Resource type.
1	Resource: %s
1	Resources can not be released after they are destroyed.
1	Resources inherit the policies of their blueprints.
1	Resources name "%s" is not valid; it must contain only 
1	Respecting "%s" or minimum poll delay: waiting for %s second(s) 
1	Responds to requests made by AJAX clients.
1	Responds to requests made by Conduit clients.
1	Response %d
1	Responses
1	Responsive left-right table
1	Restart Build
1	Restart Builds
1	Restart Harbormaster builds.
1	Restart daemons to apply changes.
1	Restart the build, discarding all progress.
1	Restartable
1	Restoring "%s" to the default retention policy.
1	Restrict **destroy** operations to databases created 
1	Restricted %s
1	Restricted Column
1	Restricted Panel
1	Result Details
1	Result Name
1	Result Ordering
1	Result code "%s" is unknown.
1	Result of the test.
1	Resume Build
1	Resume Builds
1	Resume work on a previously paused build.
1	Resuming
1	Retain data for the specified number of days.
1	Retention Policy
1	Retention policies for garbage collection.
1	Retitle the blog.
1	Retitle the paste.
1	Retitle the post.
1	Retitle the revision.
1	Retries
1	Retries After
1	Retries Forever
1	Retrieve Differential Revision Comments.
1	Retrieve Differential commit messages or message templates.
1	Retrieve Diffusion symbol information.
1	Retrieve Maniphest task transactions.
1	Retrieve a raw diff
1	Retrieve an array of information about a paste.
1	Retrieve an array of information about a poll.
1	Retrieve certificate information for a user.
1	Retrieve file content from a repository.
1	Retrieve history about a Phriction document.
1	Retrieve image macro information.
1	Retrieve information about Drydock authorizations.
1	Retrieve information about Drydock blueprints.
1	Retrieve information about Drydock leases.
1	Retrieve information about Drydock resources.
1	Retrieve information about Harbormaster build plans.
1	Retrieve information about Harbormaster build steps.
1	Retrieve information about Harbormaster build targets.
1	Retrieve information about a Maniphest task, given its ID.
1	Retrieve information about a Phriction document.
1	Retrieve information about an arbitrary PHID.
1	Retrieve information about arbitrary PHIDs.
1	Retrieve information about commits.
1	Retrieve information about possible Maniphest task status values.
1	Retrieve information about tags in a repository.
1	Retrieve information about the logged-in user.
1	Retry archived tasks.
1	Retry selected tasks which previously failed permanently or 
1	Retrying database connection to "%s" after connection 
1	Return
1	Return to Application
1	Return to Charted Waters
1	Return to Initiative
1	Return to Open Issue List
1	Return to Subscription
1	Returns
1	Returns current objects being tracked in Phrequent.
1	Returns history information for a repository at a specific 
1	Returns information about the possible priorities for Maniphest 
1	Returns information about the possible statuses for Maniphest 
1	Returns the parameters of the Conduit methods.
1	Reverse Comparison
1	Reverse Time
1	Reverse Tree
1	Revert
1	Revert the published version of this document to an older 
1	Reverted By
1	Reverts
1	Review Actions
1	Review All Changes
1	Review All Changes (Blocking)
1	Review Changes With Non-Owner Author
1	Review Changes With Non-Owner Author (Blocking)
1	Review Mocks and Design
1	Review Recent Activity
1	Review Requested
1	Review and modify configuration settings.
1	Review logs for a specific lock.
1	Review the diff for correctness. When you are satisfied, either 
1	Review the documentation describing how to import or observe an 
1	Review the repository operation queue.
1	Reviewed By
1	Reviewer "%s" is not a valid object.
1	Reviewer "%s" is not a valid reviewer which you have authority 
1	Reviewer "%s" must be a user, a package, or a project.
1	Reviewer (Deprecated)
1	Reviewers for this revision.
1	Reviewers:
1	Revise Invites
1	Revision "%s" does not exist.
1	Revision Abandoned
1	Revision Actions
1	Revision Author
1	Revision Closed
1	Revision Contents
1	Revision Fields
1	Revision Has Child
1	Revision Has Commit
1	Revision Has Parent
1	Revision Has Task
1	Revision Not Accepted
1	Revision Repository
1	Revision Status
1	Revision landed into %s.
1	Revision repository PHID.
1	Revision status
1	Revision summary
1	Revision summary.
1	Revision test plan
1	Revision test plan.
1	Revision title
1	Revision title is too long: the maximum length of a 
1	Revision to rebuild changesets for.
1	Revisions and Commits
1	Revisions are sent for review regardless of the status of the 
1	Revisions must have a title.
1	Revisions must have an assigned author.
1	Revoke All
1	Revoke Authorization
1	Revoke Authorization?
1	Revoke Badge
1	Revoke Public Key
1	Revoke Recipients
1	Revoke SSH Key
1	Revoke SSH Public Key
1	Revoke Token
1	Revoke Token?
1	Revoke Tokens
1	Revoke Tokens?
1	Revoke all credentials types.
1	Revoke credentials for the specified object. To revoke 
1	Revoke credentials of the given type.
1	Revoke credentials which may have been leaked or disclosed.
1	Revoke credentials without prompting.
1	Revoke from all credential owners.
1	Revoke trust of a public key.
1	Revoked SSH keys can not be edited or reinstated.
1	Rewrite
1	Ripe Mango
1	Ripe Orange
1	Ripe Peach
1	Room
1	Room "%s" is not a valid room which you have 
1	Room Contains Words
1	Room Participants
1	Room Picture
1	Room does not exist or logged in user can not see it.
1	Room name.
1	Room participants.
1	Room topic.
1	Rooms must have a title.
1	Root Projects
1	Rotate the access key for email address %s?
1	Route outbound email.
1	Routed Message
1	Routed mail.
1	Routing
1	Routing Rules
1	Routing fragment "%s" is not a valid regular expression.
1	Routing rule ("%s", for site "%s") does not compile into a 
1	Routing rule ("%s", for site "%s") does not have any targets.
1	Routing rule ("%s", for site "%s") points at controller ("%s") 
1	Routing rule ("%s", for site "%s") points at unknown value 
1	Rows passed to "loadAllFromArray(...)" include two or more 
1	Royal Flush!
1	Rule Author
1	Rule Fields
1	Rule Name
1	Rule Transcript
1	Rule could not be processed because it was created with a newer 
1	Rule evaluation result is unknown.
1	Rule failed automatically because it has no conditions.
1	Rule failed automatically because it is an object rule which is 
1	Rule failed because an exception occurred while evaluating it.
1	Rule failed because an exception occurred.
1	Rule for
1	Rule must have a name.
1	Rule names can be no longer than %s characters.
1	Rule repetition string constant "%s" is unknown.
1	Rule type
1	Rule/Content Mismatch
1	Rules must have a name.
1	Ruleset "%s" for Identical Ownership
1	Ruleset specification is not valid. %s
1	Run "ANALYZE TABLE" on tables to improve performance.
1	Run "OPTIMIZE TABLE" on tables to reclaim space.
1	Run %d
1	Run **%s** to initialize.
1	Run At
1	Run At Epoch
1	Run Build Plan Manually
1	Run By Herald Rules
1	Run Duration
1	Run Normally
1	Run On Host
1	Run Silently
1	Run Test
1	Run a build in Buildkite.
1	Run a build in CircleCI.
1	Run a command on Drydock resource.
1	Run a command on a leased resource.
1	Run a garbage collector in the foreground.
1	Run a search query. Intended for debugging and development.
1	Run build plans
1	Run build plans: %s.
1	Run command %s on %s.
1	Run operations without asking for confirmation.
1	Run plan __id__ on __buildable__.
1	Run rules for this content type.
1	Run rules on this object.
1	Run the daemon as the current user 
1	Run the storage upgrade script to setup databases (host "%s" has 
1	Run the storage upgrade script to upgrade databases (host "%s" is 
1	Run this workflow with "--background" to queue tasks for the 
1	Runnable
1	Running as
1	Running for %s
1	Runtime duration of the test, in seconds.
1	S3 Partially Configured
1	SCHEMATA ERRORS
1	SECURITY WARNING
1	SELECT
1	SKIPPED
1	SLOWVOTE DESCRIPTION
1	SLOWVOTE DETAIL
1	SMS is weak, and relatively easy for attackers to compromise. 
1	SMTP (AWS + Explicit)
1	SMTP (AWS)
1	SMTP (Local + Explicit)
1	SMTP (Local)
1	SQL dumpfile to process.
1	SSH
1	SSH KEY DETAIL
1	SSH Key
1	SSH Key %d: %s
1	SSH Key Actions
1	SSH Private Key
1	SSH Private Key (Generated)
1	SSH Private Key File
1	SSH error log location.
1	SSH key material is required.
1	SSH key name is required.
1	SSH keys are now actually useful, so they are always enabled.
1	SSH keys can not be reactivated.
1	SSH keys inherit the policies of the user or object they authenticate.
1	SSH log format.
1	SSH log location.
1	STOP
1	STOPPED
1	STRIPPED
1	SUBSCRIPTION
1	SUCCESS
1	SURPLUS SCHEMATA
1	SURVIVED
1	SURVIVORS
1	Sabbatical / Leave
1	Salute
1	Same as Blog
1	Sample 0.1%% of requests.
1	Sample every request (slow).
1	Sampled (1/%d)
1	Samples (%s - %s)
1	Sat
1	Save Audio Behavior
1	Save Build Step
1	Save Child Revisions
1	Save Column
1	Save Config Entry
1	Save Create Order
1	Save Default Filter
1	Save Default Order
1	Save Defaults
1	Save Edit Order
1	Save Image
1	Save Inlines and Continue
1	Save Parent Revisions
1	Save Parent Tasks
1	Save Paths
1	Save Policies
1	Save Policy
1	Save Preference
1	Save Preferences
1	Save Profile
1	Save Related Mocks
1	Save Rule
1	Save Subtasks
1	Save Trigger
1	Save and Publish
1	Save as Draft
1	Save this query as a global query, making it visible to 
1	Saved Global Queries
1	Scan Diplomat
1	Scan Warp Drives
1	Scan the QR code or manually enter the key shown below into the 
1	Scan this QR code with the Duo application on your mobile 
1	Schedule Update
1	Scheduled release of lease "%s".
1	Scheduled release of resource "%s".
1	Scheduling repository "%s" for an update (%s seconds overdue).
1	Scheduling repository "%s" with an update window of %s 
1	Schema Status
1	School
1	Scope
1	ScopeEngine text map must be a 1-based map of lines.
1	ScopeEngine text map must be a contiguous map of 
1	Scoped environments were destroyed in a different order than they 
1	Search %s...
1	Search (grep) a repository at a specific path and commit.
1	Search Attributes
1	Search Engines
1	Search For
1	Search Index Versions
1	Search Ngram
1	Search Parent Tasks
1	Search Posts
1	Search Scope
1	Search Subtasks
1	Search authorizations for specific blueprints.
1	Search authorizations from specific objects.
1	Search by room titles.
1	Search cluster configuration has an invalid host 
1	Search cluster configuration is not valid: each entry in the 
1	Search cluster has no hosts for role "%s".
1	Search constraint "minDepth" must be no larger than 
1	Search engine ("%s") defines an export field with a key ("%s") 
1	Search engine ("%s") exported the wrong number of objects, 
1	Search engine configuration has an invalid service 
1	Search engine has no blueprint, resource, lease, or operation.
1	Search for Phurl URLs by alias.
1	Search for Phurl URLs by name substring.
1	Search for Phurl URLs by the non-shortened URL.
1	Search for Phurl URLs created by specific authors.
1	Search for actions by remote address.
1	Search for active or archived badges.
1	Search for active or archived packages.
1	Search for active or cancelled events.
1	Search for activity affecting specific users.
1	Search for activity by specific users.
1	Search for activity in particular sessions.
1	Search for applications created by particular users.
1	Search for artifacts attached to particular build targets.
1	Search for badges by name substring.
1	Search for bindings on particular devices.
1	Search for bindings on particular services.
1	Search for blogs with given statuses.
1	Search for blueprints by name substring.
1	Search for builds by buildable status.
1	Search for builds by containing revision or repository.
1	Search for builds of particular objects.
1	Search for builds running a given build plan.
1	Search for builds running against particular buildables.
1	Search for builds started by someone or something in particular.
1	Search for builds with given statuses.
1	Search for devices by name substring.
1	Search for devices with given statuses.
1	Search for devices with specific names.
1	Search for disabled or enabled blueprints.
1	Search for documents created after a certain date.
1	Search for documents created before a certain date.
1	Search for documents signed by given users.
1	Search for documents with given contributors.
1	Search for documents with given creators.
1	Search for documents with specific PHIDs.
1	Search for documents with specific versions.
1	Search for events created by specific hosts.
1	Search for events with specific import sources.
1	Search for events with specific invited users.
1	Search for files by name substring.
1	Search for files created after a certain date.
1	Search for files created before a certain date.
1	Search for files which were explicitly uploaded.
1	Search for identities by effective user.
1	Search for identities by explicit assignee.
1	Search for identities by substring.
1	Search for interfaces on particular devices.
1	Search for logs that belong to a particular build target.
1	Search for networks by name substring.
1	Search for objects in certain spaces.
1	Search for objects tagged with given projects.
1	Search for objects with certain subscribers.
1	Search for objects with specific IDs.
1	Search for objects with specific PHIDs.
1	Search for objects with specific project PHIDs.
1	Search for only manual or automatic buildables.
1	Search for packages affecting specific paths.
1	Search for packages by included repositories.
1	Search for packages by name substring.
1	Search for packages by name substrings.
1	Search for packages by publisher.
1	Search for packages with specific owners.
1	Search for particular types of activity.
1	Search for pastes created after a given time.
1	Search for pastes created before a given time.
1	Search for pastes highlighted in specific languages.
1	Search for pastes with specific authors.
1	Search for posts with specific visibility.
1	Search for posts within certain blogs.
1	Search for projects with given subtypes.
1	Search for projects with particular colors.
1	Search for projects with particular hashtags.)
1	Search for projects with particular icons.
1	Search for projects with particular members.
1	Search for projects with particular watchers.
1	Search for publishers by name substring.
1	Search for pull logs by specific users.
1	Search for pull logs for specific repositories.
1	Search for push logs by specific users.
1	Search for push logs for specific repositories.
1	Search for pushes blocked by particular Herald rules.
1	Search for repositories by clone/checkout URI.
1	Search for repositories of a specific VCS type.
1	Search for repositories which are hosted or remote.
1	Search for repositories with a specific Almanac Service.
1	Search for repositories with a specific status.
1	Search for repositories with specific callsigns.
1	Search for repositories with specific short names.
1	Search for resources generated by particular blueprints.
1	Search for revisions affecting particular paths.
1	Search for rules affecting given types of content.
1	Search for rules of given types.
1	Search for rules with given authors.
1	Search for services bound to particular devices.
1	Search for services by name substring.
1	Search for services with specific names.
1	Search for signatures by given users.
1	Search for signatures created after a certain date.
1	Search for signatures created before a certain date.
1	Search for signatures on the given documents
1	Search for signatures with a name containing the 
1	Search for signatures with an email containing the 
1	Search for sources by name substring.
1	Search for sync logs for specific repositories.
1	Search for targets completed on or after a particular date.
1	Search for targets completed on or before a particular date.
1	Search for targets created on or after a particular date.
1	Search for targets created on or before a particular date.
1	Search for targets of a given build.
1	Search for targets started on or after a particular date.
1	Search for targets started on or before a particular date.
1	Search for targets with given statuses.
1	Search for tasks blocked by open subtasks.
1	Search for tasks closed after a certain date.
1	Search for tasks closed before a certain date.
1	Search for tasks closed by certain users.
1	Search for tasks created after a certain date.
1	Search for tasks created before a certain date.
1	Search for tasks in specific workboard columns.
1	Search for tasks owned by a user from a list.
1	Search for tasks updated after a certain date.
1	Search for tasks updated before a certain date.
1	Search for tasks which block open parent tasks.
1	Search for tasks which have specific parent tasks.
1	Search for tasks which have specific subtasks.
1	Search for tasks with given authors.
1	Search for tasks with given priorities.
1	Search for tasks with given statuses.
1	Search for tasks with given subtypes.
1	Search for versions by name substring.
1	Search for versions by package.
1	Search leases by owner.
1	Search leases by resource.
1	SearchEngine class ("%s") does not support data export.
1	SearchEngine class to export data from.
1	SearchEngines must render a "%s" object, but this engine 
1	SearchFields "%s" (of class "%s") and "%s" (of class "%s") both 
1	Searched For:
1	Second regular expression is invalid!
1	Secondly event with many constraints.
1	Secret key for Amazon EC2.
1	Secret key for Amazon S3.
1	Security Checkpoint
1	Security Team
1	Security options.
1	See All Joined
1	See Almanac services
1	See Devices
1	See Documentation
1	See More Branches
1	See Networks
1	See all available applications.
1	See error message for details.
1	Seen
1	Select
1	Select All
1	Select Character Encoding
1	Select Document Engine
1	Select Project
1	Select Syntax Highlighting
1	Select a blocking reviewer.
1	Select a new priority for selected tasks with "--priority".
1	Select a phurl...
1	Select a space for the object.
1	Select a specific storage key to cycle to.
1	Select a specific storage key.
1	Select a user account to act on with "--user <username>".
1	Select active tasks.
1	Select all active builds.
1	Select an item type...
1	Select and reorder Diffusion fields.
1	Select and reorder package fields.
1	Select and reorder project fields.
1	Select and reorder revision fields.
1	Select and reorder task fields.
1	Select and reorder user profile fields.
1	Select archived tasks.
1	Select caches to purge with "--all" or "--caches". Available 
1	Select current viewer.
1	Select one or more builds by ID.
1	Select one or more tasks by ID.
1	Select one or more triggers by ID.
1	Select only audits by a given list of users.
1	Select only audits for commits on or after the given date.
1	Select only audits for commits on or before the given date.
1	Select only audits for the given commits.
1	Select only audits in a given list of repositories.
1	Select only audits in the given status. By default, 
1	Select only audits with the given IDs.
1	Select only results with exactly the other specified tags.
1	Select project members.
1	Select project tags for the object.
1	Select projects current viewer is a member of.
1	Select repositories tagged with this project.
1	Select repositories to affect by providing a list of repositories 
1	Select results with any owner.
1	Select results with any value.
1	Select results with no reviewers.
1	Select results with no tags.
1	Select results with no value.
1	Select storage format automatically.
1	Select tasks affecting the given object or objects.
1	Select tasks of a given class.
1	Select tasks with a maximum failure count.
1	Select tasks with a maximum priority.
1	Select tasks with a minimum failure count.
1	Select tasks with a minimum priority.
1	Select tasks with the given container or containers.
1	Select the date or time to delay the selected tasks until.
1	Select the format you prefer for editing and displaying time.
1	Select the format you prefer for editing dates.
1	Select the service to bind.
1	Select the storage format to use.
1	Select the type of key to generate.
1	Select which leases you want to release. See "--help" for 
1	Select which portal you want to add the dashboard %s to.
1	Select which project menu you want to add the dashboard %s to.
1	Select your local timezone.
1	Selected
1	Selected generators: %s.
1	Selecting objects to index...
1	Self Actions
1	Self Mail
1	Send "Welcome to %s" email with login instructions.
1	Send Another Verification Email?
1	Send HTML Email
1	Send Invitations
1	Send Invoice
1	Send Mail To All Recipients
1	Send Mail To Each Recipient
1	Send Notifications
1	Send Plain Text Email
1	Send SMS
1	Send SMS: %s
1	Send Stamps
1	Send Test Message
1	Send Test Notification
1	Send a Message
1	Send a login link to your email address.
1	Send a message...
1	Send a notification to a user.
1	Send a test message to %s?
1	Send an email to
1	Send an email to rule author.
1	Send an email to: %s.
1	Send and Receive Mail
1	Send another copy of the verification email to %s?
1	Send as %s
1	Send as HTML mail.
1	Send as User Taking Action
1	Send email to these addresses to create pastes. %s
1	Send email to these addresses to create questions. %s
1	Send email to these addresses to create revisions. The body of the 
1	Send email to these addresses to create tasks. %s
1	Send emails with file attachments to these addresses to upload 
1	Send mail "To:" the specified users.
1	Send mail again.
1	Send mail from the specified user.
1	Send mail which "Cc:"s the specified users.
1	Send mail with a given ID again.
1	Send me an email
1	Send the specified type of message (email, sms, ...).
1	Send with a specific configured mailer.
1	Send with bulk headers.
1	Sending %s a SIGKILL.
1	Sending Messages
1	Sending a message will also join the room.
1	Sendmail
1	Sendmail (Explicit Config)
1	Sent By
1	Sent Mail
1	Sent a restart message to build.
1	Sent by %s
1	Sent notification.
1	Separate date and time inputs, as strings.
1	Separate values with newlines or commas.
1	Separate values with newlines.
1	September
1	Sequence "%s" is not valid for event!
1	Serializing cache can not write objects (for key "%s")!
1	Series Event
1	Serious business
1	Serve repository in read-only mode.
1	Serve repository in read/write mode.
1	Server Error
1	Server Timezone Not Configured
1	Server exited!
1	Server name is required.
1	Server name must contain only lowercase letters, 
1	Serves blogs with custom domains.
1	Serves shortened URLs.
1	Serves static resources like images, CSS and JS.
1	Serves the core platform and applications.
1	Service "%s" does not exist or could not be loaded!
1	Service "%s" is actively bound to more than one device (%s).
1	Service "%s" is not bound to any devices.
1	Service "%s" is unrecognized, restricted, or you do not have 
1	Service %s
1	Service Bindings
1	Service Directory
1	Service Name
1	Service PHID.
1	Service Types
1	Service index does not exist, creating...
1	Service index is already up to date.
1	Service index is out of date, repairing...
1	Service initialization complete.
1	Service to create a binding for.
1	Service type "%s" is not valid. Valid types are: %s.
1	Service type "%s" is unrecognized. Valid types are: %s.
1	Service type.
1	Services describe pools of devices, and 
1	Session has already signed required legalpad documents!
1	Session is not partial!
1	Session key is invalid.
1	Session key is not present.
1	Sessions and Logs
1	Sessions now expire and are garbage collected rather than having an 
1	Set "%s" to: %s.
1	Set %s as the automatic payment method for subscription %s?
1	Set %s in your PHP configuration to at least 32MB 
1	Set Account Password
1	Set Board Default Filter
1	Set Board Default Order
1	Set Field Value
1	Set Full Domain URI if you plan to 
1	Set Primary Contact Number
1	Set Sail for Adventure
1	Set Test Message
1	Set VCS Password
1	Set a command channel before calling %s!
1	Set a local configuration value.
1	Set a string this software should use to prefix cookie names.
1	Set account managers.
1	Set an IO channel before calling %s!
1	Set an error channel before calling %s!
1	Set an indefinite retention policy.
1	Set description to
1	Set edge type before loading graph!
1	Set lease expiration time.
1	Set members, overwriting the current value.
1	Set merchant managers.
1	Set of all results in multiple lists with exclusions.
1	Set or clear read-only mode for repository maintenance.
1	Set priority to
1	Set project members.
1	Set project tags to
1	Set project tags, overwriting current value.
1	Set status to
1	Set subscribers to
1	Set subscribers, overwriting current value.
1	Set tasks to this priority. Tasks with a smaller priority 
1	Set the "secure" flag on the request.
1	Set the "silent" flag on the request.
1	Set the URI that Phurl will use to share shortened URLs.
1	Set the URI where this software is installed. Setting this 
1	Set the automatic update frequency.
1	Set the blueprint type.
1	Set the default branch name.
1	Set the device.
1	Set the end of the billing period.
1	Set the fetched refs.
1	Set the file alt text.
1	Set the interface to bind.
1	Set the language list which appears in dropdowns.
1	Set the permanent refs.
1	Set the service type.
1	Set the staging area URI.
1	Set the start of the billing period.
1	Set the subpath to import.
1	Set the tracked branches.
1	Set this item as the default for this menu? Users arriving on 
1	Set this to true if you want patches to be attached to commit 
1	Set title to
1	Set with empty list source.
1	Set with no sources.
1	Sets the default color scheme.
1	Setting "%s" is misconfigured: %s
1	Setting "%s" to be retained indefinitely.
1	Setting Up Client
1	Settings %d
1	Settings History
1	Setup Admin Account
1	Setup Checks
1	Setup Error
1	Setup Issue
1	Setup MySQL Schema
1	Setup errors and warnings.
1	Setup issues to ignore.
1	Severe Security Vulnerability: Unpatched Bash
1	Severed From Master
1	Severity of the message.
1	Shades
1	Shallows
1	Share Text Snippets
1	Shenanigans
1	Shhh
1	Shift
1	Shift JIS
1	Shift the object between spaces.
1	Shiny
1	Shiny happy people holding hands.
1	Ship Some Freight
1	Shipping Address
1	Short
1	Short Name is part of the URI paths for this repository. 
1	Short Names
1	Short Tutorials
1	Short URL
1	Short blurb about the user.
1	Short description of the badge.
1	Short message name, like "Syntax Error".
1	Short project description.
1	Short test name, like "ExampleTest".
1	Short, unique repository name.
1	Shorten a URL
1	Shorten your favorite URL.
1	Should "Accepted" revisions remain "Accepted" after updates?
1	Should never trigger.
1	Should trigger at specified epoch.
1	Should trigger only once.
1	Show "To:" and "Cc:" footer hints in email.
1	Show All Changes
1	Show All Context
1	Show All Inlines
1	Show All Projects
1	Show Applications w/ App Email Support
1	Show Applications w/o App Email Support
1	Show Blame
1	Show Changeset
1	Show Details
1	Show Diff
1	Show Directory in Repository
1	Show Disabled Applications
1	Show Email Preferences Link
1	Show Enabled Applications
1	Show External View
1	Show File Contents
1	Show First-Party Applications
1	Show Hidden Columns
1	Show Identities With Matching Users
1	Show Identities Without Matching Users
1	Show Launchable Applications
1	Show More
1	Show More (%s Bytes)
1	Show More Above
1	Show More Below
1	Show Newer Messages
1	Show Non-Launchable Applications
1	Show Notification
1	Show Older Changes
1	Show Older Inlines
1	Show Older Messages
1	Show Only Active Credentials
1	Show Only Active Projects
1	Show Only Active Rules
1	Show Only Active Spaces
1	Show Only Active Triggers
1	Show Only Administrators
1	Show Only Archived Projects
1	Show Only Automated Builds
1	Show Only Create Forms
1	Show Only Destroyed Credentials
1	Show Only Disabled Accounts
1	Show Only Disabled Blueprints
1	Show Only Disabled Rules
1	Show Only Edit Forms
1	Show Only Enabled Rules
1	Show Only Inactive Rules
1	Show Only Inactive Triggers
1	Show Only Mailing Lists
1	Show Only Manual Builds
1	Show Only Manually Uploaded Files
1	Show Only Milestones
1	Show Only Permanent Commits
1	Show Only Root Projects
1	Show Only Tasks With Open Parents
1	Show Only Tasks With Open Subtasks
1	Show Only Tasks Without Open Parents
1	Show Only Tasks Without Open Subtasks
1	Show Only Unapproved Users
1	Show Only Unreachable Commits
1	Show Only Users With MFA
1	Show Path in Repository
1	Show Paths Panel
1	Show Prototype Applications
1	Show Public Key
1	Show Raw File (Left)
1	Show Raw File (Right)
1	Show Recipient Hints
1	Show Released Applications
1	Show Third-Party Applications
1	Show Unified Diffs
1	Show a chart.
1	Show a list of available daemons.
1	Show a list of fact engines.
1	Show a list of fact iterators and cursors.
1	Show a list of repositories.
1	Show a log of permanently destroyed objects.
1	Show a specific number of log messages (default 100).
1	Show a warning about draft revisions.
1	Show all logs.
1	Show approximate table sizes.
1	Show as a clone URI.
1	Show changes, but do not make any changes.
1	Show choices in random order.
1	Show commits in __repository__ which are still importing.
1	Show daemon processes on this host.
1	Show details about inbound mail with given ID.
1	Show details about outbound mail with given ID.
1	Show diagnostic details about inbound mail.
1	Show diagnostic details about outbound mail.
1	Show directory in repository.
1	Show email preferences link in email.
1	Show established API methods with stable interfaces.
1	Show factors, but do not strip them.
1	Show how much mail users have received recently.
1	Show installed extensions and modules.
1	Show invites the current viewer is invited to. This function 
1	Show keyboard shortcut help for the current page.
1	Show logs for daemon(s) with given ID(s).
1	Show more details about operations as they are performed. 
1	Show new methods which are subject to change.
1	Show old methods which will be deleted in a future 
1	Show only unread notifications.
1	Show only upcoming countdowns.
1	Show only upcoming events.
1	Show patch application status.
1	Show path in repository.
1	Show planned writes but do not perform them.
1	Show policy information about an object.
1	Show results of a search query, like the most recently filed tasks or 
1	Show revisions the current viewer is responsible for. This 
1	Show simpler output.
1	Show the status of the notification server.
1	Show unresolved issues with setup and configuration.
1	Show what would be compacted.
1	Show what would be deleted, but do not actually delete 
1	Show what would be migrated.
1	Show what would be updated.
1	Showing Only Differences
1	Showing all changes because the diff for this revision 
1	Showing all changes because you have never taken an 
1	Showing changes since the last action you took on this 
1	Shows associated commits.
1	Shows branches a commit appears on in email.
1	Shows commit tags in email.
1	Shows errors and warnings.
1	Shows lint results.
1	Shows repository in email.
1	Shows revision representation in Asana.
1	Shows roles like "Administrator" and "Disabled".
1	Shows the branch a diff came from.
1	Shows the local host where the diff came from.
1	Shows the local path where the diff came from.
1	Shows unit test results.
1	Shows user join date.
1	Shows when a user is away or busy.
1	Shuffle
1	Shutting Down
1	Shutting down in response to signal %s (%s).
1	Shutting down in response to signal %s.
1	Side Navigation
1	Sign Document
1	Sign With MFA
1	Sign this transaction group with MFA.
1	Signal handler called with unknown signal type ("%d")!
1	Signature Already Verified
1	Signature Details
1	Signature Required to Log In
1	Signature Type
1	Signature Verified
1	Signature verification failure. %s
1	Signed At
1	Signed Documents
1	Signed Older Version
1	Signed on %s
1	Signers
1	Signing User
1	Signing session legalpad documents of user with no session!
1	Silent Mode
1	Silly Translations
1	Similar
1	Similar Reply
1	Similar Symbols
1	Simple
1	Simple Buttons
1	Simple Example
1	Simple daily event.
1	Simple date list.
1	Simple move
1	Simple one-line plain text representation of story
1	Simply Slim
1	Simulate a mail delivery "Cc:" address.
1	Simulate mail delivery "From:" the given user.
1	Simulate mail delivery "To:" the given object.
1	Simulate receiving mail. This is primarily useful if you are 
1	Simulate sending mail. This may be useful to test your mail 
1	Simulated error.
1	Single column PHID.
1	Site
1	Site Not Found
1	Sitemap
1	Sites
1	Skip
1	Skip Past This Commit
1	Skip analysis of aggregate facts.
1	Skip email verification for accounts registered 
1	Skip the prompt warning you that this operation is 
1	Skipped
1	Skipped %s document(s) which have not updated since they were 
1	Skipping "%s": Subversion repositories do not require this 
1	Skipping %s...
1	Skipping config of source type %s...
1	Skipping fetch because local and remote refs are already 
1	Skipping forced out-of-sync update because the last update 
1	Skipping import step; this step was previously completed for 
1	Skipping main task update, cursor is ahead of the story.
1	Skipping main task update, object is no longer visible.
1	Skipping obsolete option: %s
1	Skipping option "%s"; already in database config.
1	Skipping option "%s"; already in local config.
1	Skipping service "%s" because it is not writable.
1	Skipping, HEAD is known.
1	Skipping, branch is untracked.
1	Skipping, provider does not support token refresh.
1	Skipping, provider has no stored refresh token.
1	Skipping, provider is not an OAuth2 provider.
1	Skipping, provider is not enabled or does not exist.
1	Skipping, ref is untracked.
1	Skipping, this head is a known commit.
1	Skipping, this is not a commit.
1	Slack
1	Sleep
1	Sleep for %s seconds.
1	Sleep for a specified number of seconds.
1	Slimy and gross. Yuck!
1	Slot Lock Failure
1	Slow Down!
1	Slow Replication
1	Slowvote Poll
1	Slowvote User Guide
1	Slowvotes
1	Slug for the post.
1	Small MySQL "%s"
1	Small Table Scan
1	Smaller Change
1	Snippets with leading whitespace should be preserved.
1	Snippets with no leading whitespace should be preserved.
1	Solid Colors
1	Some Bad Examples
1	Some JIRA issues could not be loaded. They may not exist, or 
1	Some applications use unicode glyphs in page titles to provide a 
1	Some of the Almanac Services defined by this blueprint 
1	Some of the addresses you entered do not appear to be 
1	Some of the selected PHIDs in field "%s" are invalid or 
1	Some of the selected automation blueprints are invalid 
1	Some of these errors are caused by access control problems. 
1	Some of these errors are caused by surplus schemata (extra 
1	Some patches could not be applied: %s
1	Some test called %s, but is still holding 
1	Someone adds a new answer.
1	Someone backs an initiative.
1	Someone changes the badge\'s details.
1	Someone changes the countdown details.
1	Someone changes the poll details.
1	Someone changes the questions details.
1	Someone comments on a badge.
1	Someone comments on a commit.
1	Someone comments on a countdown.
1	Someone comments on a mock.
1	Someone comments on a paste.
1	Someone comments on a post.
1	Someone comments on a revision.
1	Someone comments on a task.
1	Someone comments on the question.
1	Someone votes on a poll.
1	Something Stays Your Hand
1	Something is wrong; source of a copy must exist.
1	Sort by Created Date
1	Sort by Points
1	Sort by Title
1	Sort of a social utility.
1	Sound ("%s") is not a valid sound.
1	Source "%s" (of class "%s") returned an import cursor with 
1	Source "%s" (of class "%s") returned an invalid value from 
1	Source "%s" (of class "%s") returned two cursors from method 
1	Source %d
1	Source Class
1	Source File
1	Source PHID "%s" does not identify a valid object, or you do 
1	Source PHID "%s" in edge object query has unknown PHID type.
1	Source URI
1	Source Workboard Has No Columns
1	Sources must have a name.
1	South East
1	Space %s: %s
1	Space PHID
1	Space:
1	Spaces Documentation
1	Spaces User Guide
1	Spaces must have a name.
1	Spain
1	Special Rules
1	Special users like daemons and mailing lists are not permitted 
1	Specific Connection, Holding Lock
1	Specified "--count" must be larger than 0.
1	Specified "--limit" must be a positive integer.
1	Specified "--min-failures" must not be larger than 
1	Specified "--min-priority" may not be larger than 
1	Specified blueprint "%s" is not capable of satisfying the 
1	Specified diff ("%s") does not exist.
1	Specified maximum date must come after specified minimum date.
1	Specified object could not be loaded.
1	Specified pkcs8 keyfile "%s" does not exist!
1	Specified public keyfile "%s" does not exist!
1	Specified queries use different engines: query "%s" uses 
1	Specified version control system must be a VCS 
1	Specify "%s" or "%s", but not both.
1	Specify "--all" to affect everything, or a list of specific 
1	Specify "--enable" or "--disable", but not both.
1	Specify %s to reset all action counters.
1	Specify --service or --remove-service, but not both.
1	Specify --service or --remove-service.
1	Specify a Diviner book configuration file with %s.
1	Specify a billing range with %s and %s, or use %s.
1	Specify a collector with "%s". Valid collectors are: %s.
1	Specify a command to run.
1	Specify a commit and a revision to attach it to.
1	Specify a commit or repository to reparse.
1	Specify a commit to extract the diff from.
1	Specify a commit to look up with `%s`.
1	Specify a commit to look up.
1	Specify a configuration key to delete.
1	Specify a configuration key to get.
1	Specify a content type to run rules for. For this object, valid 
1	Specify a content type to run rules for. The specified content 
1	Specify a device with --device.
1	Specify a file to print, like "%s".
1	Specify a file to read parameters from with "--input".
1	Specify a file to write with `%s`.
1	Specify a hunk to migrate with "--id", or migrate all hunks 
1	Specify a item with %s.
1	Specify a list of repositories or "--all-repositories", 
1	Specify a message to send with "--message".
1	Specify a method to call with "--method".
1	Specify a numeric threshold between 0 and 1.
1	Specify a path to look up with `%s`.
1	Specify a path to look up.
1	Specify a positive number of days to retain data for.
1	Specify a private key with --private-key.
1	Specify a proportion of machine memory which must be free 
1	Specify a public key to revoke trust for with --id.
1	Specify a public key to trust with --id.
1	Specify a query with --query.
1	Specify a resource type with "--type".
1	Specify a revision to rebuild changesets for with "--revision".
1	Specify a rule to edit with "--rule <id|monogram>".
1	Specify a source with %s.
1	Specify a story key to republish.
1	Specify a system user to run the daemons as. Primarily, this 
1	Specify a user to notify with "--user".
1	Specify a value to set the configuration key "%s" to, or 
1	Specify a webhook to call with "--id".
1	Specify an OAuth client ID with %s.
1	Specify an OAuth client id with "--id".
1	Specify an absolute TTL or a relative TTL, but not both.
1	Specify an activity to mark as completed.
1	Specify an alternate host identity. This is an advanced 
1	Specify an atomizer class with %s.
1	Specify an engine to migrate to with `%s`. 
1	Specify an export format with "--format".
1	Specify an object to test rules for with "--object".
1	Specify at least one import ID to reload.
1	Specify either "--all" or "--caches", not both.
1	Specify either "--start" or "--stop", but not both.
1	Specify either --promote or --demote, but not both.
1	Specify either --reset or --threshold, not both.
1	Specify either --reset or --threshold.
1	Specify either a list of objects to affect or "--all", but not 
1	Specify either specific factors with "--provider", or all factors 
1	Specify either specific factors with "--type", or all factors with 
1	Specify either specific users with %s, or all users with 
1	Specify exactly one buildable object, by object name.
1	Specify exactly one buildable, by object name.
1	Specify exactly one commit to extract.
1	Specify exactly one file to print, like "%s".
1	Specify exactly one repository to unpublish.
1	Specify exactly one repository to update.
1	Specify exactly one story key to republish.
1	Specify how long to delay tasks for with "--until".
1	Specify namespace to rename from with %s.
1	Specify namespace to rename to with %s.
1	Specify one or more email addresses to unverify.
1	Specify one or more files to atomize.
1	Specify one or more lease IDs to update with "%s".
1	Specify one or more objects to destroy.
1	Specify one or more queries to export with "--query".
1	Specify one or more repositories to act on.
1	Specify one or more repositories to clusterize.
1	Specify one or more repositories to correct reachability status 
1	Specify one or more repositories to discover.
1	Specify one or more repositories to find importing commits for.
1	Specify one or more repositories to lock.
1	Specify one or more repositories to mark imported.
1	Specify one or more repositories to pull.
1	Specify one or more repositories to push to mirrors.
1	Specify one or more repositories to thaw.
1	Specify one or more repositories to update refs for.
1	Specify one or more resource IDs to update with "%s".
1	Specify one or more users to send a message to with "--to" and/or 
1	Specify output file to write.
1	Specify the ID or PHID of an item to update. Parameter "%s" 
1	Specify the configuration key you want to set.
1	Specify the credential type to revoke with "--type" or 
1	Specify the credential type to revoke with "--type" or specify 
1	Specify the dumpfile to read with "--input", or use "--live" to 
1	Specify the files and directories which comprise 
1	Specify the name of an object to show policy information for.
1	Specify the name of an object to unlock.
1	Specify the name of exactly one object to show policy information 
1	Specify the name of exactly one object to unlock.
1	Specify the type of key to generate with --type.
1	Specify which files to operate on, or use "--all" to operate on 
1	Specify which resources you want to release. See "--help" for 
1	Specify which steps to reparse with "--message", "--change", 
1	Specify which subscription to invoice with %s.
1	Spite
1	Spited
1	Sports
1	Sprite
1	Sprites will not be optimized! Install `%s`!
1	Spy
1	Squares
1	Src
1	Stability
1	Stable
1	Stable Methods
1	Stack
1	Stack (%s Open)
1	Stack of Pancakes
1	Staging Area Skipped
1	Staging Unavailable
1	Staging area URI.
1	Stand For Something
1	Standalone
1	Standalone Fragment
1	Standalone Log Fragment
1	Standard API Token
1	Star Ship
1	Start TLS after binding to the LDAP server.
1	Start Test
1	Start Time
1	Start Timer
1	Start Tracking
1	Start Work
1	Start __daemon__ in the foreground and print large volumes of 
1	Start a specific __daemon__, or __n__ copies of a specific 
1	Start daemons even if daemons are already running.
1	Start date and time of the event.
1	Start date is invalid.
1	Start the notifications server in the foreground and print large 
1	Start the notifications server.
1	Start the standard configured collection of daemons. 
1	Start time of the event.
1	Start tracking time on an object by 
1	Start work on this bulk job?
1	Started
1	Started After
1	Started At
1	Started Before
1	Started Work
1	Started at %s
1	Started background processing.
1	Started new daemon overseer (with PID "%s").
1	Started this operation in a working copy.
1	Starting Aphlict server in foreground...
1	Starting daemons as %s
1	Starting process.
1	Starting update for repository "%s".
1	Startup
1	States
1	Static Resource
1	Status "%s" is invalid. Valid statuses are: %s.
1	Status "%s" is marked as default, but it is a closed 
1	Status "%s" is marked as the default status for closing 
1	Status "%s" is marked as the status for closing tasks as 
1	Status "%s" is not a valid build plan status. Valid 
1	Status "%s" is not valid. Supported status constants are: %s.
1	Status ("%s") is not a valid contact number status. Valid 
1	Status List
1	Status Story
1	Status Tabs
1	Status for the build target.
1	Status information about the document.
1	Status mode for the webhook.
1	Status of the MFA provider.
1	Status of the question.
1	Status of the task.
1	Status set to invalid value.
1	Status specification has no "key".
1	Stay
1	Stay Woke
1	Staycation
1	Stderr
1	Stdout
1	Stemmed compilation of query: %s
1	Step
1	Step %d.%d
1	Step Type
1	Stop Before HTTP Redirect
1	Stop Following Log
1	Stop Time
1	Stop Timer
1	Stop Tracking
1	Stop daemon processes on this host, then start the standard 
1	Stop daemon processes on this host.
1	Stop the notification server.
1	Stop this software from sending any email, etc.
1	Stop time must be after start time.
1	Stop tracking time on an object by popping it from the stack.
1	Stop, then start the notification server.
1	Stopped PID %d ("%s")
1	Stopping Aphlict Server (%s)...
1	Storage Cluster
1	Storage Directory OK
1	Storage Engine
1	Storage Engines
1	Storage Format
1	Storage Handle
1	Storage Path
1	Storage Used
1	Storage directory %s does not exist, or is not readable by 
1	Storage engine to migrate to.
1	Storage engines are now discovered automatically at runtime.
1	Storage for file "%s" does not support integrity hashing, 
1	Storage format "%s" can not generate keys.
1	Storage format "%s" is not valid. Available formats are: %s.
1	Storage initialized.
1	Storage is up to date. Use "%s" for details.
1	Storage on "%s" was destroyed.
1	Storage on host "%s" has not been initialized yet. You must 
1	Storage patch "%s" executes in phase "%s", but depends on 
1	Storage patch "%s" specifies a "@phase" attribute with 
1	Storage patch "%s" specifies attribute "%s", but this 
1	Storage patch "%s" specifies it should apply in phase "%s", 
1	Storage type "%s" is unknown. Supported types are: %s.
1	Store a plaintext note.
1	Store a plaintext password.
1	Store an API token.
1	Store and Share Files
1	Store the path on disk to an SSH private key.
1	Store the plaintext of an SSH private key.
1	Store, share, and embed snippets of code.
1	Stored Bytes
1	Stored Chunks
1	Stores a URI.
1	Stores a reference to file data.
1	Stores a reference to what this fixes.
1	Stores a summary of the revision.
1	Stores the real name of the user, like "Abraham Lincoln".
1	Story
1	Story Points
1	Story contains only the title of the story
1	Story has no primary object!
1	Story is about an object with no linked JIRA issues.
1	Story is about an unsupported object type.
1	Story object has no corresponding external JIRA objects.
1	Strength
1	String
1	String "%s" is invalid in path specification "%s".
1	Strings for this library are already up to date.
1	Strings have not yet been extracted for library %s. 
1	Strip a specific factor type. Use `bin/auth list-factors` for 
1	Strip all factors, regardless of type.
1	Strip factors for a specific provider. Use 
1	Strip factors from all users.
1	Strip factors from specified users.
1	Strip factors without prompting.
1	Strip these authentication factors?
1	Stripe
1	Stripe Publishable Key
1	Stripe Publishable Key is required.
1	Stripe Secret Key
1	Stripe Secret Key is required.
1	Stripe charge call did not return an ID!
1	Stripe refund call did not return an ID!
1	Stripped integrity hash for "%s".
1	Stripping authentication factors...
1	Stripping integrity hashes is dangerous and makes files 
1	Strong (Control All Paths)
1	Strong (Package Owns Paths)
1	Stronger algorithms are listed first. The highlighted algorithm 
1	Structured file kind should be "+" or "-", got "%s".
1	Stub
1	Stubbed
1	Sublime Text
1	Submit Complaint
1	Submit Payment
1	Submit Quietly
1	Submit builds into the build queue normally instead of 
1	Submit transactions for a particular object.
1	Submodule
1	Subpath to selectively import.
1	Subprocesses
1	Subprojects and Milestones
1	Subprojects can be created for this project.
1	Subschemata Have Failures
1	Subschemata Have Warnings
1	Subschemata have setup failures.
1	Subschemata have setup warnings.
1	Subscribe to All Changes
1	Subscribe to Changes With Non-Owner Author
1	Subscribed
1	Subscriber
1	Subscriber PHIDs
1	Subscribers can take this action.
1	Subscription
1	Subscription Details
1	Subscription has invalid billing period.
1	Subscription is missing billing period information.
1	Subscription to invoice.
1	Subscriptions for %s
1	Substring Search
1	Subtask
1	Subtask IDs
1	Subtasks
1	Subtasks.
1	Subtype "%s" is not a valid subtype.
1	Subtype "%s" is not valid: subtype keys may only contain 
1	Subtype "%s" is not valid: subtype keys must be no longer than 
1	Subtype "%s" is not valid: subtype keys must have a minimum 
1	Subtype Key "%s"
1	Subtype configuration is invalid: it must be a list of subtype 
1	Subtype configuration is invalid: subtype with key "%s" has 
1	Subtype configuration is invalid: there is no subtype defined 
1	Subtype configuration is invalid: two subtypes use the same 
1	Subtype key "%s" does not identify a valid subtype.
1	Subtype of the project.
1	Subtype of the task.
1	Subversion does not support searching for ancestors of 
1	Success!
1	Success! Automation is configured properly and Drydock can 
1	Success, got HTTP %s from webhook.
1	Such Fancy, Nice Box, Many Corners.
1	Such Wow
1	Suggest Edit
1	Suit: Hearts
1	Summary diff with head change.
1	Summary diff with last change.
1	Summary diff with middle change.
1	Summary of: %s
1	Sun
1	Superstar
1	Support Applications
1	Support for ConduitResultInterface
1	Support for Custom Fields
1	Support for Duo push authentication.
1	Support for Policies
1	Support for Projects
1	Support for Spaces
1	Support for Subscriptions
1	Supported Editor Protocols
1	Supported Protocol
1	Supports ID/PHID Queries
1	Surplus
1	Surplus Key
1	Switch Accounts
1	Sync Event
1	Sync Event %d
1	Synchronization of "%s" from leader "%s" failed: %s
1	Synchronization of "%s" from remote failed: %s
1	Synchronization of child task from Asana failed!
1	Synchronization of parent task from Asana failed!
1	Synchronized
1	Synchronizing "%s": "%s" -> "%s".
1	Synchronizing static tables...
1	Synchronizing this device ("%s") from cluster leader ("%s").
1	Syntax
1	Syntax Error
1	Syntax Highlighting
1	Syntax highlighting is supported for a few languages by 
1	System
1	System Saved Queries
1	System user to run daemons as.
1	S|M|T|W|T|F|S
1	T6185 "Shellshock" Bash Vulnerability
1	TABLE SCAN!
1	TAGS
1	TASK DESCRIPTION
1	TASK DETAIL
1	TEST PLAN
1	TEST RESULT
1	TEXT BODY
1	TOTAL
1	TOTP
1	TOTP Code
1	TRUST REVOKED
1	TRUSTED
1	TZID "%s" is unknown, guessing "%s" based on pattern "%s".
1	TZID "%s" is unknown, using UTC instead.
1	Tab
1	Tab Name
1	Tab Panel
1	Tabs to Spaces: %s
1	Taco cat spelled backwards is taco cat.
1	Tag %s
1	Tag Color
1	Tag Content
1	Tag PHIDs
1	Tag preference excludes recipients.
1	Tagged with Project
1	Tags for %s
1	Take Action
1	Take repositories out of a cluster.
1	Take repositories out of maintenance mode, returning them 
1	Take these actions %s
1	Take these actions every time this rule matches:
1	Take these actions if this rule did not match the last time:
1	Take these actions the first time this rule matches:
1	Tales of adventure for this package.
1	Tap
1	Target "%s" is not a valid target to revoke credentials from. 
1	Target %d
1	Target Tab Not Found
1	Target tab ("%s") was not found on this panel. It may have 
1	Targets
1	Task "%s" encountered a permanent failure and was 
1	Task %d
1	Task %d (%s)
1	Task %d Missing
1	Task %d failed!
1	Task %d has exceeded the maximum number of failures (%d).
1	Task %d: %s
1	Task %s complete! Moved to archive.
1	Task %s yielded.
1	Task Author
1	Task Class
1	Task Daemon Not Running
1	Task Daemon Running
1	Task Does Not Exist
1	Task Fields
1	Task Has Commit
1	Task Has Revision
1	Task IDs must be integer numbers.
1	Task Locked
1	Task Master
1	Task Owner
1	Task Priority
1	Task T123
1	Task Unassigned
1	Task data has no "commitPHID".
1	Task description.
1	Task has invalid task data.
1	Task has no object PHID!
1	Task priority "%s" is not a valid task priority. Use a priority 
1	Task priority value ("%s") is not a valid task priority. 
1	Task status ("%s") has unrecognized value for "locked" 
1	Task status value ("%s") is not a valid task status. 
1	Task title cannot exceed %d characters.
1	Task to make this a subtask of.
1	Taskmasters now use an autoscaling pool. You can configure the 
1	Tasks Closed
1	Tasks Created
1	Tasks Moved Into Project
1	Tasks Moved Out of Project
1	Tasks Reopened
1	Tasks and Bugs
1	Tasks associated with this revision.
1	Tasks not previously leased should lease before previously 
1	Tasks to Close and Merge
1	Tasks which expired earlier should lease first, 
1	Tasks with a lower priority should be scheduled first.
1	Tasks with edits locked may only be edited by their assignee.
1	Tasks with the same priority should be FIFO.
1	Tell No One
1	Template "%s" is not a valid template.
1	Temporarily lock clustered repositories to perform maintenance.
1	Temporary Failures
1	Temporary File Expired
1	Temporary Token Types
1	Temporary failure!
1	Term ngrams for: %s.
1	Terminate API Token
1	Terminate API Tokens
1	Terminate All Sessions
1	Terminate Session
1	Terminate Session?
1	Terminate Sessions
1	Terminate Sessions?
1	Terminate Token
1	Terminate all login sessions.
1	Terminate all web login sessions. If called via OAuth, also terminate 
1	Terminated Tree
1	Terminating Tree
1	Terminating process %d...
1	Terms corpus for: %s
1	Test Automation Configuration
1	Test Failures
1	Test Project for %s
1	Test Repo
1	Test Repo "%s"
1	Test Space
1	Test User %s
1	Test Warnings
1	Test Webhook
1	Test and debug notifications about upcoming events.
1	Test content rules for an object. Executes a dry run, like the 
1	Test data created with bin/lipsum.
1	Test engine running the test, like "JavascriptTestEngine". This 
1	Test rules which run after a commit is discovered and imported.
1	Test rules which run when a mock is created or updated.
1	Test rules which run when a question is created or updated.
1	Test rules which run when a revision is created or updated.
1	Test rules which run when a task is created or updated.
1	Test rules which run when a wiki document is created or updated.
1	Test rules which run when an event is created or updated.
1	Test rules which run when another Herald rule is created or 
1	Test rules which run when outbound mail is being prepared for 
1	Test run complete. Transcript:
1	Test users cannot join project A, because B exists
1	Test users cannot join project A, because C exists
1	Test users cannot join project B, because C exists
1	Testing Utilities
1	Testing configuration for %s. This may take a moment if Drydock 
1	Testing for capability "%s" on an object ("%s") which does 
1	Tests Not Applicable
1	Tests Passed
1	Tests Skipped
1	Text Body Truncated
1	Text Message (SMS)
1	Text Panel
1	Text copied into clipboard.
1	Text copied.
1	Text value for "%s" can not be parsed.
1	Text values that match this regex and are also object names 
1	TextMate
1	Thank you for signing this document. Please check your email 
1	That email address is not verified, but the account it is 
1	That user does not exist.
1	That user has already signed this document.
1	That was a non-update. Try cancel.
1	The "--compress" flag can only be used alongside "--output".
1	The "--compress" flag requires the PHP "zlib" extension, but 
1	The "--for-replica" flag can not be used with the 
1	The "--local-disk-source" argument must point to a valid, 
1	The "Fetch" and "Permanent Ref" rules for this repository.
1	The "Has MFA" query constraint may only be used by 
1	The "InnoDB" engine is not available in MySQL (on host "%s"). 
1	The "Re: Prefix" and "Vary Subjects" settings are now configured 
1	The "feed.http-hooks" option is deprecated in favor of 
1	The "xhprof" PHP extension is not available. Install xhprof 
1	The %s OAuth application has been disabled.
1	The %s policy of this object would no longer allow 
1	The %s repository is not tracked.
1	The %s repository is still importing.
1	The **Add "Re:" Prefix** setting adds "Re:" in front of all messages, 
1	The APCu PHP extension is installed, but not enabled in your 
1	The Almanac Service that hosts this repository, if the 
1	The Almanac service for this repository does not have the correct 
1	The Almanac service for this repository is invalid or could not 
1	The CVC code you entered is not a valid CVC code. Check that 
1	The Cloud
1	The Differential revision list view age UI elements have been removed 
1	The Empire
1	The HTTP method.
1	The HTTP parameter named "parameters" for this request is 
1	The HTTP referrer.
1	The HTTP response code or process exit code.
1	The ID of the current build.
1	The Japanese word for cat is "kome", which is also the word for 
1	The LDAP authentication provider is not enabled.
1	The LDAP extension is not enabled.
1	The More You Know
1	The MySQL "local_infile" option is enabled. This option is 
1	The OAuth provider did not return a "code" parameter in its 
1	The OAuth provider returned an error: %s
1	The PHID of the build plan this build step belongs to.
1	The PHID of the current build target.
1	The PHID of the document
1	The PHID of the object that authorized this lease.
1	The PHID of the object that owns this lease.
1	The PHID of the signer
1	The PHID of the user or Object that initiated the build, 
1	The PHID of the user who granted the exemption
1	The PHP "Zend OPcache" extension is installed, but not enabled in 
1	The PHP "zip" extension is not installed. This extension is 
1	The PID of the server process.
1	The Python 2 Standard Library
1	The Python 3 Standard Library
1	The Spanish word for cat is "cato". The biggest cat is called 
1	The URI "%s" does not correspond to a valid image file (got 
1	The URI of the staging repository.
1	The URI protocol is unrecognized. It should begin with 
1	The URI to store.
1	The URI where JIRA is installed. For example: %s
1	The URI where the OAuth server is installed. For example: %s
1	The URL to shorten.
1	The VCS this repository uses ("git", "hg" or "svn").
1	The World Burns
1	The access link you have followed is out of date and no longer 
1	The account ("%s") for this subscription ("%s") has no 
1	The account you are attempting to link is already linked 
1	The account you are attempting to log in with uses a nonexistent 
1	The account you are attempting to register or link is already 
1	The account you are attempting to register with has an invalid 
1	The account you are attempting to register with uses a disabled 
1	The account you are attempting to register with uses an 
1	The address %s is configured to be used by an application.
1	The address %s is configured to be used by the %s Application.
1	The address can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The address of the interface.
1	The alias can be no longer than %d characters.
1	The alias for the URL.
1	The alias to give the URL.
1	The alias you provided (%s) may only contain letters and 
1	The alias you provided (%s) must contain at least one 
1	The application search engine "%s" is unknown.
1	The application that created this cart did not finish putting 
1	The artifact key.
1	The artifact type.
1	The assignee of a task can always view and edit it.
1	The associated credential PHID, if one exists.
1	The associated repository PHID.
1	The authentication provider did not return a client state 
1	The authentication provider did not return the correct client 
1	The authentication token provided in the request is bound to 
1	The author of a URL can always view and edit it.
1	The author of a blog post can always view and edit it.
1	The author of a commit can not be an auditor.
1	The author of a diff can see it.
1	The author of a document can always view and edit it.
1	The author of a mock can always view and edit it.
1	The author of a paste can always view and edit it.
1	The author of a poll can always view and edit it.
1	The author of a revision can not be a reviewer.
1	The author of an answer can always view and edit it.
1	The author of the poll.
1	The author of this credential can take this action.
1	The author of this revision has not signed all the required 
1	The author of this task can take this action.
1	The base URI for this install is not configured, and major features 
1	The base URI for this install is not configured. Many major features 
1	The best available MYSQL implementation is now selected 
1	The best way to create a diff is to use the %s 
1	The billing name can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The blueprint which generated this resource.
1	The body of text of the document.
1	The bound service.
1	The build may be restarted if it has failed.
1	The build may be restarted.
1	The build may not be restarted.
1	The build plan for this build is configured to prevent 
1	The build plan name.
1	The build step description.
1	The build step the target runs.
1	The build target this artifact is attached to.
1	The build the target is associated with.
1	The buildable does not wait for the build.
1	The buildable waits for the build, and fails if the 
1	The buildable waits for the build, but does not fail 
1	The card expiration date is not a valid expiration date. Check 
1	The card number you entered is not a valid card number. Check 
1	The checkout process has been started, but an error occurred. 
1	The checkout process has been started, but not yet completed. 
1	The chosen callsign or repository short name is already in 
1	The clone of this repository ("%s") on the local machine ("%s") 
1	The command "!%s" is not a supported mail command. Valid 
1	The commit identifier, if applicable.
1	The commit identifier.
1	The commit message.
1	The configuration key "%s" is already defined in the 
1	The configuration option "%s" is not recognized. It may be 
1	The configuration value "%s" is locked (so it can not be edited 
1	The conflict between your browser and profile timezone 
1	The connection to the master database was lost while receiving 
1	The contact number.
1	The content for this message can only be transmitted over a 
1	The content of this mail is sensitive and it can not be 
1	The content of this revision is hidden until the author has 
1	The contents of this file were not changed.
1	The controller or workflow which handled the request.
1	The countdown name.
1	The credential to use when interacting with this URI.
1	The current UNIX timestamp.
1	The current status of this build plan.
1	The current status of this build.
1	The current status of this buildable.
1	The custom domain should contain at least one dot (.) because 
1	The custom domain should include a valid protocol in the URI 
1	The custom domain should not specify a path (hosting a Phame 
1	The daemons are not running, background processing (including 
1	The data for this file could not be loaded.
1	The default location in which to store working copies and other 
1	The description of the countdown.
1	The device for an interface can not be changed once it has 
1	The device the interface is on.
1	The device the service is bound to.
1	The dialog asking for permission to send desktop notifications was 
1	The diff author used the %s flag to skip pushing this change to 
1	The diff the changeset is attached to.
1	The diff was generated from a raw input source, so the change 
1	The differential diff ID, if applicable.
1	The differential revision ID, if applicable.
1	The directory containing the "svnlook" binary is not 
1	The display name of the column.
1	The document %s already exists. Do you want to edit it instead?
1	The email address "%s" is already attached to this account.
1	The email address %s is now verified.
1	The email address ("%s") associated with the external account 
1	The email address associated with this account ("%s") is 
1	The email address associated with this external account ("%s") is 
1	The email address specified is associated with an account. 
1	The email can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The email used by the signer.
1	The email will contain a link that the user may use to log in 
1	The empty string is not a valid repository short name. 
1	The end date of the countdown.
1	The engine ("%s") is unknown, or unable to render this document.
1	The environmental variable %s does not contain %s. 
1	The environmental variable %s is empty. This server will not 
1	The event description.
1	The external account you are registering with has an email address 
1	The external account you just logged in with is not associated 
1	The external service ("%s") you just used to log in is already 
1	The file %s can not be detached from the object %s.
1	The file %s is already attached to the object %s.
1	The file %s is not attached to the object %s.
1	The file %s is referenced by the object %s, but not attached to 
1	The file you uploaded is invalid: it is not recognizable as 
1	The first argument must be a phid of a file.
1	The first cats evolved in swamps about 65 years ago.
1	The first cats evolved on the savannah about 8,000 years ago.
1	The first regexp in the regexp pair, "%s", is not a valid 
1	The flavor text can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The following caches will be cleared:
1	The following regex is malformed and cannot be used: %s
1	The following validation errors were found:
1	The following variables can be used in most fields. 
1	The framable public feed is no longer supported.
1	The host of an event can always view and edit it.
1	The host of this event can take this action.
1	The human cardiovascular system includes the heart, lungs, and 
1	The identifier %s is ambiguous and matches more than one commit.
1	The indexing algorithm for the fulltext search index has been 
1	The interface the service is bound to.
1	The invite code in the link you clicked has already 
1	The invite code in the link you clicked is invalid. Check that 
1	The key "%s" will be permanently revoked, and you will no 
1	The key which signed this request is associated with a 
1	The key which signed this request is not trusted. Only 
1	The known issues with this old version are:
1	The largest recorded cat was nearly 11 inches long from nose to 
1	The link you followed to access this file is no longer 
1	The locale `%s` defines a translation for the key `%s`, 
1	The locale `%s` defines a translation for the key `%s`, which varies 
1	The locale `%s` defines a translation for the string "%s", 
1	The logged-in user PHID, if one is logged in.
1	The logged-in username, if one is logged in.
1	The login link you clicked is invalid, out of date, or has 
1	The mail sender and message recipients can always see the mail.
1	The main body text of the paste.
1	The mapping from VCS users to %s users has changed 
1	The maximum allowed rate for this action is %s. You are taking 
1	The minimum supported version of Git on the server is %s, 
1	The minimum supported version of Mercurial is 2.4, which was 
1	The minimum supported version of Subversion is 1.5, which 
1	The name of the OAuth application.
1	The name of the badge.
1	The name of the blog.
1	The name of the build step.
1	The name of the build target.
1	The name of the device.
1	The name of the event.
1	The name of the namespace.
1	The name of the network.
1	The name of the object.
1	The name of the poll.
1	The name of the project.
1	The name of the publisher.
1	The name of the service.
1	The name of the token.
1	The name of the version.
1	The name of this blueprint.
1	The name of this build plan.
1	The name of this build.
1	The name used by the signer.
1	The namespace name "%s" is already in use by another 
1	The namespace that databases should use.
1	The network the interface is part of.
1	The next section is an empty text block.
1	The notification server no longer requires root permissions. Start 
1	The notification server should not be run as root.
1	The number of seconds to sleep for.
1	The number of versions of this document
1	The object PHID of the Harbormaster Build being built.
1	The object PHID of the Harbormaster Buildable being built.
1	The object PHID of the container (usually a revision or repository) 
1	The object PHID of the object (usually a diff or commit) 
1	The object being edited does not implement any standard 
1	The object which authorized this lease (%s) is not authorized to use 
1	The objects you have listed include objects which do not 
1	The old password you entered is incorrect.
1	The overall state of a buildable (like a commit or revision) is 
1	The owner of a revision can always view and edit it.
1	The owner of an initiative can always view and edit it.
1	The package description.
1	The package key "%s" is already in use by another package provided 
1	The parent domain can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The parent site can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The password and confirmation do not match.
1	The password you entered has been revoked. You can not reuse 
1	The password you entered is the same as another password 
1	The password you entered is very similar to a nonsecret account 
1	The path for local repositories does not exist, or is not 
1	The path to the document.
1	The path you entered (%s) is not a valid wiki document 
1	The pattern you searched for was not found in the content of any 
1	The payment method associated with this subscription is invalid 
1	The payment response for this charge attempt has already 
1	The person (or thing) that started this build.
1	The popular trivia game "World of Warcraft" features a race of 
1	The port number of the interface.
1	The pre-shortened URL.
1	The preamble of the document.
1	The private key will not be retained.
1	The private material for this credential has been 
1	The project icon ("%s") with special attribute "%s" must 
1	The project icon marked as the default icon ("%s") must not 
1	The project image ("%s") specified for ("%s") 
1	The project the column belongs to.
1	The property name "%s" is invalid. This property can not 
1	The protocol for this URI ("%s") does not use authentication, so 
1	The protocol of the URL is invalid.
1	The provided image URI must use one of these protocols: %s.
1	The public key corresponding to the given private key is 
1	The public key corresponding to the given private key is already 
1	The public key corresponding to the given private key is unknown. 
1	The publisher key "%s" is already in use by another publisher.
1	The push failed. This usually indicates 
1	The queries you have saved are private. Only you can view or edit 
1	The query matched more than one page of results. Results are 
1	The raw and effective URI.
1	The raw diff you have submitted is too large to parse (it affects 
1	The raw text of this change ("%s") is enormous (larger than %s 
1	The raw text of this change is enormous (larger than %s bytes). 
1	The raw text of this change took too long to process (longer 
1	The raw, default, and effective Display Type settings.
1	The raw, default, and effective I/O Type settings.
1	The redirect URI for OAuth handshakes.
1	The ref "%s" is ambiguous in this repository.
1	The ref name for this change in the staging repository.
1	The regular expression "%s" is not valid. Regular expressions 
1	The regular expression pair "%s" is not valid JSON. Enter a 
1	The regular expression pair "%s" must have exactly two 
1	The remote IP.
1	The remote URI has leading or trailing whitespace.
1	The repository URI.
1	The repository a URI is associated with is immutable, and 
1	The repository callsign, if it has one.
1	The repository callsign.
1	The repository the revision belongs to.
1	The repository this URI is associated with.
1	The repository this commit belongs to.
1	The repository this revision is associated with ("%s") is not 
1	The request body that the server received had already been 
1	The request body that was received began:
1	The request body that was sent began:
1	The request date.
1	The request duration, in microseconds.
1	The request path, or request target.
1	The request you submitted is signed with a timestamp, but that 
1	The requested repository ("%s") does not support Git LFS.
1	The response token for this challenge is invalid: response 
1	The revision title.
1	The schemata have errors (detailed above) which the adjustment 
1	The search index algorithm has been updated and the index needs 
1	The second regexp in the regexp pair, "%s", is not a valid 
1	The selected %s policy excludes you. Choose a %s policy 
1	The selected callsign ("%s") is already in use by another 
1	The selected content type ("%s") is not recognized by 
1	The selected credential does not exist, or you do not have 
1	The selected password is too short. Passwords must be a minimum 
1	The selected password is very weak: it is one of the most common 
1	The selected repository short name is already in use by 
1	The selected rule type ("%s") is not recognized by Herald.
1	The selected rule type ("%s") is not supported by the selected 
1	The sequence in which this column appears on the workboard.
1	The service for a binding can not be changed once it has 
1	The service for this binding is a cluster service.
1	The service for this binding is a cluster service. You do not 
1	The service type constant.
1	The signature is now verified.
1	The signature verification code is incorrect, or the signature 
1	The source commit is associated with the destination revision.
1	The source commit is associated with the destination task.
1	The source object has a comment which mentions the destination object.
1	The source object has the destination object as a parent.
1	The source object has the destination object as a subtask.
1	The source object is mentioned in a comment on the destination object.
1	The source revision depends on changes in the destination revision.
1	The source revision is associated with the destination commit.
1	The source revision is associated with the destination task.
1	The source revision makes changes required by the destination 
1	The source task has been closed as a duplicate of the 
1	The source task has had the destination task closed as a 
1	The source task is associated with the destination commit.
1	The source task is associated with the destination revision.
1	The space this object is in has a more restrictive view 
1	The specified "Created Before" date is earlier in time than the 
1	The specified "Occurs Before" date is earlier in time than the 
1	The specified blog PHID ("%s") is not valid. You can only 
1	The specified buildable does not have a build with ID "%s".
1	The specified content type ("%s") does not support dry runs. 
1	The strength of your stored VCS password hash can be upgraded. 
1	The strength of your stored password hash can be upgraded. 
1	The string "%s" contains the placeholder "(s)" and  
1	The subtype "%s" is not a valid subtype.
1	The summary of the revision.
1	The system sudo user.
1	The system user.
1	The task already has the selected assignee.
1	The task already has the selected priority.
1	The task already has the selected status.
1	The task description.
1	The test will not perform any writes against the repository, so 
1	The timezone this software should use by default.
1	The title of the countdown.
1	The title of the revision.
1	The title of the task.
1	The title of this document
1	The topic can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The translation implementation has changed and providers are no 
1	The type of a blueprint can not be changed once it has 
1	The type of a service can not be changed once it has 
1	The type of resource this blueprint provides.
1	The underlying file does not exist, but the cached request was 
1	The unique key of the package.
1	The unique key of the publisher.
1	The update which triggered Herald did not update the diff for 
1	The update which triggered Herald was an automatic update in 
1	The user declined to authorize this application.
1	The user who asked a question can always view and edit it.
1	The user who asks a question can always view the answers.
1	The user who gave a token can always edit it.
1	The user who uploaded a file can always view and edit it.
1	The user will receive an email notifying them that you changed their 
1	The user you are connecting to MySQL with does not have the correct 
1	The username can be no longer than %s characters.
1	The username you are attempting to authenticate with is not valid.
1	The value you have entered in "%s" can not be parsed 
1	The verification code you provided is incorrect, or the email 
1	The version "%s" already exists for this package. Each version 
1	The version control system this repository uses does not 
1	The version of %s on this system is out of date and contains a 
1	The way VCS activity is attributed %s user accounts has changed.
1	The word "catastrophe" has no etymological relationship to the 
1	The workboard for this project has not been created yet, 
1	The workboard for this project has not been created yet.
1	The working copy for this repository ("%s") has not been cloned yet 
1	Theme
1	There are a very large number of changes, so older changes are 
1	There are multiple chunks in byte range %d - %d.
1	There are no API tokens to terminate.
1	There are no billing email addresses associated 
1	There are no commits on %s that are not already on %s.
1	There are no configured default registration providers.
1	There are no configured multi-factor providers.
1	There are no file data chunks in byte range %d - %d.
1	There are no matching factors to strip.
1	There are no matching sessions to terminate.
1	There are no matching tokens to revoke.
1	There are no password hashers available which are usable for 
1	There are no payment methods associated with this account.
1	There are no payment providers enabled that can add payment 
1	There are no registered session engine extensions.
1	There are no repositories on the selected device or service.
1	There are no running daemon processes for the current 
1	There are no running daemon processes to reload.
1	There are no running daemon processes.
1	There are no running daemons for the current instance ("%s"). 
1	There are no running daemons.
1	There are no upcoming event triggers.
1	There are some results left in the result set.
1	There are too many configured default registration providers.
1	There is a new indirection layer between the strings that appear as 
1	There is no Nuance item with PHID "%s".
1	There is no account associated with that email address.
1	There is no active query yet.
1	There is no branch named "%s" in this repository.
1	There is no database storage initialized in the current storage 
1	There is no document here, but you may create it.
1	There is no implementation available for artifacts of type "%s".
1	There is no known application setting with key "%s".
1	There is no matching repository.
1	There is no payment method associated with this subscription, so 
1	There is no record of this lock being released.
1	There is nothing here.
1	There is some deprecated code found in the %s code-base.
1	There is some deprecated code found in the code-base.
1	There was a technical error while trying to automatically bill 
1	There was an error adding this payment method:
1	There was an error decoding error information submitted by the 
1	There was an error decoding token information submitted by the 
1	There was an error with the payment token submitted by the 
1	There was an unexpected error displaying the task graph. 
1	These auth factors will be stripped:
1	These changes have failed to build.
1	These changes have lint problems.
1	These changes have not finished building yet and may have build 
1	These changes have unit test problems.
1	These changes will be approved.
1	These layouts test UI edge cases in the element. This block 
1	These paths get appended to your %s environment variable.
1	These repositories will be locked:
1	These repositories will be thawed:
1	These rules are processed in order.
1	These rules are processed in order:
1	They will be able to rejoin the room later.
1	They will not be able to rejoin the room unless invited 
1	Things before they were cool.
1	This %s already has that edit policy.
1	This %s already has that interact policy.
1	This %s already has that join policy.
1	This %s already has that view policy.
1	This %s file is stored in Git Large File Storage.
1	This %s is not documented.
1	This %s rule triggers for %s.
1	This API method can only be called on Git repositories.
1	This Duo enrollment attempt is invalid or has 
1	This EditField does not provide a Bulk EditType with key "%s".
1	This EditField does not provide a Conduit EditType with key "%s".
1	This Jupyter notebook does not specify a list of "cells".
1	This Jupyter notebook does not specify any notebook cells.
1	This Jupyter notebook uses an unsupported version of the file 
1	This One Is Purple
1	This PDF iterator has no associated PDF generator.
1	This PDF object is already registered with a PDF generator. You 
1	This PHID type does not correspond to a mailable object.
1	This Repository Only
1	This URI does not have an associated credential.
1	This URI will be hidden from users.
1	This URI will be shown to users as a clone URI.
1	This URL is invalid due to a bad protocol.
1	This account ("%s") can not establish web sessions, so it is 
1	This account is not linkable.
1	This action does not support rules of type "%s".
1	This action has no effect.
1	This action is permanent and can not be undone.
1	This action specifies no targets.
1	This adapter can not trigger on objects.
1	This address will no longer receive email, and access links will 
1	This address will receive email again, and existing links 
1	This alias is already in use.
1	This ancient extension point has been replaced with other 
1	This answer has been hidden.
1	This application ("%s") is authorized to use your %s 
1	This application also requested additional unrecognized 
1	This application has requested these additional permissions. 
1	This application is a prototype. %s
1	This application is not configured with any forms for creating 
1	This application is required and cannot be disabled.
1	This application is required, so all 
1	This application will no longer be able to access this server 
1	This article is not documented.
1	This atom no longer exists.
1	This attachment exists solely to provide compatibility with the 
1	This audit is attached to a commit, and inherits its policies.
1	This authorization has already been approved.
1	This authorization has already been declined.
1	This badge does not have any recipients.
1	This badge will be re-commissioned into service.
1	This binary file was added.
1	This binary file was copied from %s.
1	This binary file was copied to %s.
1	This binary file was deleted after being copied to %s.
1	This binary file was deleted.
1	This binary file was moved from %s.
1	This binary file was moved to %s.
1	This blog has no visible posts.
1	This blog is not visible to logged out users, so it can not be 
1	This blog will be marked as archived.
1	This blog will become active again.
1	This blueprint ("%s") does not define any Almanac Service PHIDs.
1	This blueprint has no active resources.
1	This board has no columns.
1	This browser has denied permission to send desktop notifications 
1	This build can not be restarted because it is an automatic 
1	This build is already restarting. You can not reissue a restart 
1	This build log is already open!
1	This build plan can not be run manually.
1	This build plan does not have any build steps yet, so it will 
1	This build plan does not have any build steps yet.
1	This build plan has conflicts in one or more build steps. 
1	This build plan will deadlock when executed, due to circular 
1	This build step has since been deleted on the build plan.  
1	This buildable has no builds, so you can not issue any commands.
1	This built-in query can not be deleted, but you can disable it so 
1	This call does not support any attachments.
1	This challenge already has a response token; you can not 
1	This change applied silently, so mail and other notifications 
1	This change could not be fetched from the remote staging 
1	This change could not be fetched from the remote.
1	This change did not merge cleanly. This usually indicates 
1	This change supports situations where users are incorrectly 
1	This change will take effect the next time the daemons are 
1	This class is not documented.
1	This column can not have a trigger.
1	This column does not have a trigger.
1	This column does not have any panels yet.
1	This column has the wrong autoincrement setting.
1	This column is hidden because it represents an archived 
1	This column is missing a type specification.
1	This column is visible because it represents an active 
1	This command generates synthetic test data, including user 
1	This command implementation ("%s") can not be applied to an 
1	This command implementation("%s") can not apply a command of a 
1	This command only operates on database masters, but the selected 
1	This comment has been deleted.
1	This comment originally appeared on line %s, but that line 
1	This comment was removed by %s.
1	This comment was signed with MFA, so edits to it must also be 
1	This comment was signed with MFA, so you will be required to 
1	This commit ("%s") is associated with a hosted repository 
1	This commit ("%s") is associated with a repository ("%s") which 
1	This commit and the active diff of %s had the same %s hash 
1	This commit has been deleted in the repository: it is no longer 
1	This commit has been marked as unreadable by an administrator. 
1	This commit has no tags.
1	This commit is empty and does not affect any paths.
1	This commit is marked as unreadable, so changes will not be 
1	This commit is not an ancestor of any permanent ref.
1	This commit is still importing. Changes will be visible once 
1	This commit is very large, and affects more than %d files. 
1	This commit is very large. Load each file individually.
1	This commit merges a very large number of changes. 
1	This commit no longer exists in the repository.
1	This commit no longer exists in the repository. It may have 
1	This commit no longer requires audit.
1	This commit now has outstanding concerns.
1	This commit now requires audit.
1	This commit now requires verification by auditors.
1	This commit was made before this feature was built and thus this 
1	This commit was rewritten after it was published, which 
1	This commit will be approved.
1	This commit will be returned to the author for consideration.
1	This configuration is hidden and can not be edited or viewed from 
1	This configuration is locked and can not be edited from the web 
1	This configuration is no longer relevant because daemons 
1	This configuration option has been replaced with a modular 
1	This configuration option is unknown. It may be misspelled, 
1	This configuration test will build a working copy of the 
1	This configuration value is defined in these %d 
1	This contact number is already in use.
1	This contact number is already your primary contact number.
1	This content can be rendered as a document in Files.
1	This control does not support typeahead functions.
1	This credential and its secret will no longer be able 
1	This credential can not be made available via Conduit because 
1	This credential can not be shown, because it is locked.
1	This credential has an empty secret.
1	This credential has no associated secret.
1	This credential is already locked.
1	This credential is permanently locked and can not be edited.
1	This credential must have a username.
1	This credential will be able to be retrieved via the Conduit 
1	This credential will be deactivated and the secret will be 
1	This credential will be locked and the secret will be hidden 
1	This credential will no longer be used to authenticate activity 
1	This daemon did not report a status update for %s. It is 
1	This daemon encountered an error recently and is waiting a 
1	This daemon exited cleanly.
1	This daemon exited normally and is no longer running.
1	This daemon has been lost or exited uncleanly, and is 
1	This daemon has not reported a status update recently (within %s). 
1	This daemon has not reported its status recently. It may 
1	This daemon is running.
1	This daemon is shutting down gracefully.
1	This daemon is shutting down.
1	This dashboard has been archived.
1	This dashboard has not been added to any menus.
1	This dashboard is invalid and could not be loaded.
1	This dashboard will be marked as archived.
1	This dashboard will become active again.
1	This datasource ("%s") can not evaluate the function "%s(...)".
1	This datasource ("%s") requires to be logged-in to use the 
1	This dedicated badge, once a distinguish icon of this install, 
1	This device has no associated SSH public keys.
1	This device is bound to a cluster service.
1	This device is bound to a cluster service. You do not have 
1	This diff ("%s") is associated with a repository ("%s") which 
1	This diff ("%s") is not associated with a repository. A diff 
1	This diff is already attached to a revision.
1	This diff is attached to a revision, and inherits its policies.
1	This directory was added.
1	This directory was copied from %s.
1	This directory was copied to %s.
1	This directory was deleted after being copied to %s.
1	This directory was deleted.
1	This directory was moved from %s.
1	This directory was moved to %s.
1	This document does not encode a valid JSON object and can not 
1	This document has been deleted. You can edit it to put new 
1	This document has been moved to %s. You can edit it to put 
1	This document has been moved. You can edit it to put new 
1	This document has unpublished draft changes.
1	This document is already deleted. You must specify 
1	This document is empty. You can edit it to put some proper 
1	This document is not UTF8 and its text encoding could not be 
1	This document is not UTF8. It was detected as %s and 
1	This document is not valid JSON: %s
1	This document is too large to be completely rendered inline. The 
1	This document is too large to be rendered inline. (The document 
1	This document lacks a valid "nbformat" field. Jupyter notebooks 
1	This document requires a corporate signatory. You must log in to 
1	This document was converted from %s to UTF8 for display.
1	This domain can only be used to open URLs
1	This draft revision will be sent for review once %s 
1	This draft revision will not be submitted for review because %s 
1	This email address (%s) has been disabled and no longer has 
1	This email address (%s) has been permanently unsubscribed 
1	This email address (%s) is no longer your primary email address. 
1	This email address (%s) was added to a payment account (%s) 
1	This email address has already been verified.
1	This email address is already in use by a user. Choose 
1	This email address is already in use.
1	This email address is reserved. Choose a different 
1	This email address was added to this payment account by: %s
1	This email was sent from an email address ("%s") that is not 
1	This endpoint supports these types of transactions. See below for 
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac bindings.
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac devices.
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac interfaces.
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac namespaces.
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac networks.
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac properties.
1	This engine is used to edit Almanac services.
1	This engine is used to edit Drydock blueprints.
1	This engine is used to edit Harbormaster build plans.
1	This engine is used to edit Harbormaster build steps.
1	This engine is used to edit Harbormaster buildables.
1	This engine is used to edit Harbormaster builds.
1	This engine is used to edit MFA providers.
1	This engine is used to edit Nuance queues.
1	This engine is used to edit Nuance sources.
1	This engine is used to edit Packages packages.
1	This engine is used to edit Packages publishers.
1	This engine is used to edit Packages versions.
1	This engine is used to edit Phriction documents.
1	This engine is used to edit Repository identities.
1	This engine is used to edit authentication messages.
1	This engine is used to edit contact numbers.
1	This engine is used to edit settings.
1	This engine is used to edit webhooks.
1	This engine is used to modify dashboard panels.
1	This engine is used to modify dashboards.
1	This engine is used to modify menu items on profiles.
1	This engine is used to modify portals.
1	This engine manages OAuth client applications.
1	This enum is not documented.
1	This error may occur if your configured MySQL "wait_timeout" or 
1	This error usually indicates that you need to "GRANT" the 
1	This event has been imported from an external source and 
1	This event instance has not been created yet. Log in to create 
1	This event is an instance in an event series. To change 
1	This event is an instance of %s, and repeats every day.
1	This event is an instance of %s, and repeats every month.
1	This event is an instance of %s, and repeats every week.
1	This event is an instance of %s, and repeats every year.
1	This event is green!
1	This event is part of a series. Which events do you 
1	This event is red!
1	This event repeats every day.
1	This event repeats every month.
1	This event repeats every week.
1	This event repeats every year.
1	This export has an invalid mode ("%s").
1	This external (%s) does not appear in any tracked 
1	This external reference matches multiple known commits.
1	This factor has been removed from your device, so this server 
1	This factor recently issued a challenge for a different 
1	This factor recently issued a challenge to a different login 
1	This factor recently issued a challenge which has expired. 
1	This file contains generated code, which does not normally 
1	This file data is incomplete!
1	This file has a very large number of changes (%s lines).
1	This file has only been partially uploaded. It must be 
1	This file is larger than %s bytes, and too large to display 
1	This file is larger than %s, so syntax highlighting is 
1	This file is larger than %s, so syntax highlighting was skipped.
1	This file is not a viewable image.
1	This file is not documented.
1	This file took too long to load from the repository (more than 
1	This file uses an unknown character encoding.
1	This file was added.
1	This file was completely deleted.
1	This file was converted from %s for display.
1	This file was copied from %s.
1	This file was copied to %s.
1	This file was deleted after being copied to %s.
1	This file was deleted.
1	This file was moved from %s.
1	This file was moved to %s.
1	This file was not created by transforming another file.
1	This file was not modified.
1	This form ("%s") has been disabled, so it can not be used.
1	This form ("%s") is not marked as an edit form, so 
1	This form configuration is already editable.
1	This function allows you to find results for any of the `.
          `repositories of a project:
1	This function allows you to find results for any of the members 
1	This function allows you to find results in one of several 
1	This function allows you to find results which are not tagged 
1	This function definition is not a haiku.
1	This function includes results which have any owner. It excludes 
1	This function is not documented.
1	This generator has already emitted an iterator. You can not 
1	This group has no available build steps.
1	This host already has a registered private key ("%s"). 
1	This host already has a registered public key ("%s"). 
1	This host has a "master" role, but is replicating data from 
1	This host has a "replica" role, but is not replicating data 
1	This host has been registered as "%s" and a trusted keypair 
1	This host has device ID "%s", but there is no corresponding 
1	This image (with dimensions %spx x %spx) is too large to 
1	This image is too large to transform. The transform limit is %s 
1	This image was added.
1	This image was copied from %s.
1	This image was copied to %s.
1	This image was deleted after being copied to %s.
1	This image was deleted.
1	This image was moved from %s.
1	This image was moved to %s.
1	This image will be removed from the mock.
1	This input is bound to an artifact ("%s") which does not exist 
1	This input is bound to the wrong artifact type. It is bound 
1	This input is required, but not configured.
1	This install does not have any active MFA providers configured. 
1	This install has a fatal setup error, access the web interface 
1	This install has the configuration option "%s" enabled, but does 
1	This install is configured in cluster mode, but all available 
1	This install uses spaces to organize objects, but logged out 
1	This install uses spaces to organize objects, but your account 
1	This interface is not documented.
1	This internal method must be invoked with a "repositoryPHIDs" 
1	This invoice is ready for payment.
1	This is a binary file.
1	This is a cluster service.
1	This is a directory.
1	This is a draft revision that will not publish any 
1	This is a draft, and is only visible to you and other users 
1	This is a dry run, so no changes will be made.
1	This is a dry run, so no changes will be written.
1	This is a major timeline event.
1	This is a powerful card in the game "Hearts".
1	This is a preview of the current form configuration.
1	This is a progress bar which shows how many points of work 
1	This is a sample of some text.
1	This is a standard **ApplicationEditor** method which allows you to 
1	This is a standard **ApplicationSearch** method which will let you 
1	This is a submodule.
1	This is a symlink.
1	This is a terse test text message (from "%s").
1	This is a test notification, sent at %s.
1	This is a test payment provider.
1	This is a trigger rule with a unknown type ("%s").
1	This is a trigger rule with a valid type ("%s") but an invalid 
1	This is a visual divider which you can use to separate 
1	This is already the first tab. It can not move any farther to 
1	This is already the last tab. It can not move any farther to 
1	This is an advanced feature which should normally be used only 
1	This is an autoplan (a builtin plan provided by an application) 
1	This is an empty file.
1	This is an error email, but one or more recipients have 
1	This is an image.
1	This is an old transcript which uses an obsolete log 
1	This is an older message that predates recording delivery 
1	This is an older message which predates routing rules.
1	This is an override list of regular expressions which allows 
1	This is an unknown rule of type "%s". An administrator may have 
1	This is not a Git LFS request!
1	This is not a cluster repository.
1	This is not a valid JSON document and can not be rendered as 
1	This is now your primary email address (%s). Going forward, 
1	This is the default project profile image.
1	This is the only external login account linked to your 
1	This is very unusual and will leave you without any 
1	This issue is currently ignored, and does not show a global 
1	This issue will no longer be suppressed, and will return to its 
1	This item can not be set as the default item. This is usually 
1	This item does not support the specified command ("%s").
1	This item is already set as the default item for this menu.
1	This item type ("%s", of class "%s") can not update items.
1	This iterator already has a generator. You can not modify the 
1	This job is already configured to run silently.
1	This job is complete.
1	This job is running.
1	This job is waiting for confirmation before work begins.
1	This job is waiting for tasks to be queued.
1	This key has %s remaining API request(s), 
1	This key has been revoked. Choose or generate a new, 
1	This key has the wrong uniqueness setting.
1	This key is associated with device "%s".
1	This key is expected to exist, but does not.
1	This key is not expected to exist.
1	This key is on the wrong columns.
1	This key is too long for utf8mb4.
1	This key is trusted. Trusted keys can not be edited. 
1	This large diff affects %s files. Files without inline 
1	This lease does not list any usable blueprints.
1	This likely indicates a severe misconfiguration or major service 
1	This linter is intended for use with the Javelin JS library and 
1	This list is empty.
1	This lock was most recently acquired by a process (%s) 
1	This mail can not be processed because no application 
1	This mail has tags which control which users receive it, and 
1	This mail is addressed to an object ("%s") you do not have 
1	This mail is addressed to an object ("%s"), but that object 
1	This mail is addressed to an object ("%s"), but the address is 
1	This mail is addressed to the private email address of an object 
1	This mail is addressed to the public email address of an object 
1	This may also indicate that a more serious failure has occurred. 
1	This may happen if there is a temporary network anomaly on the 
1	This menu currently has no items.
1	This menu item is very important, and can not be disabled.
1	This merchant accepts credit and debit cards via Stripe.
1	This merchant accepts payments via PayPal.
1	This merchant accepts test payments.
1	This merchant already has a payment account configured 
1	This merchant can accept payments.
1	This merchant does not have any payment providers configured 
1	This merchant has no payment providers.
1	This merchant is accepting live payments.
1	This merchant is accepting test payments.
1	This message has not been delivered yet, so delivery information 
1	This message has not been sent yet, so routing rules have 
1	This message is a response to another email message, and this 
1	This message was downgraded to a notification by outbound mail 
1	This message was not delivered to you.
1	This message was routed as a notification because it 
1	This message was routed as an email because it matched %s.
1	This message was upgraded to email by outbound mail rules 
1	This method is deprecated.
1	This method is frozen and will eventually be deprecated.
1	This method is new and unstable. Its interface is subject 
1	This method is not documented.
1	This milestone has no tasks.
1	This mock will be closed.
1	This mock will become open again.
1	This mode is active because it is enabled in the configuration 
1	This mode is active because no database has a "%s" role in 
1	This mode may be used to perform temporary maintenance, test 
1	This newly created repository is not active yet. Configure policies, 
1	This object ("%s") has more than %s transactions in its most 
1	This object does not support builds with Buildkite.
1	This object has a custom policy controlling who can take this 
1	This object has an unknown or invalid policy setting ("%s").
1	This object has been locked.
1	This object has no fields with aliases.
1	This object has no select fields.
1	This object has special rules which override normal object 
1	This object is already in that space.
1	This object is in %s and can only be seen or edited by users 
1	This object is in a space you do not have permission to access.
1	This object is locked. Edit it anyway?
1	This object is not of an allowed type for the rule. 
1	This object is not subscribable.
1	This object is public and can be viewed by anyone, even if they 
1	This older log is missing required rendering data. To rebuild 
1	This operation has already been dismissed, and can not be 
1	This option can not be edited from the web UI. Use %s to adjust 
1	This option controls whether users can edit account email 
1	This option does not have a custom type!
1	This option enables verbose error reporting (stack traces, 
1	This option generally did not prove useful. Resource hash keys 
1	This option has been migrated to the "Auth" application. Your old 
1	This option has been removed, you can use Dashboards to provide 
1	This option has been removed. You may delete it at your 
1	This option has been renamed to `%s` to emphasize the 
1	This option has been replaced with `ui.logo`, which provides more 
1	This option has been replaced with the more granular option `%s`.
1	This option is most commonly used to temporarily allow a major 
1	This option is not recognized. It may be misspelled.
1	This option will use Imagemagick to rescale images, so animated 
1	This order can not be cancelled because it has already been 
1	This order can not be cancelled because it has not been placed.
1	This order can not be cancelled because the application has not 
1	This order can not be refunded because it has not been placed.
1	This order can not be refunded because the application has not 
1	This order can not be voided because it is not an invoice.
1	This order can not be voided because it is not ready for 
1	This order does not need manual review, so you can not 
1	This order has been flagged for manual review. Review the order 
1	This order has been flagged for manual review. You should review 
1	This order requires manual processing and will complete once 
1	This order was cancelled.
1	This order was created.
1	This order was flagged for manual processing by the merchant.
1	This order was invoiced.
1	This order was put on hold until payment clears.
1	This order was refunded.
1	This package does not contain any paths yet. Use 
1	This package has no open problem commits.
1	This package will be marked as archived.
1	This package will become active again.
1	This page raised PHP errors. Find them in DarkConsole 
1	This panel has type "%s", but that panel type is unknown.
1	This panel is invalid or does not exist. It may have been 
1	This panel is not used on any dashboard or inside any other 
1	This panel will be archived and no longer appear in lists of active 
1	This panel will be reactivated and appear in other interfaces as 
1	This part is not a variable!
1	This password is associated with an object PHID ("%s") for 
1	This paste will be marked as expired.
1	This paste will become consumable again.
1	This path does not exist anywhere.
1	This path does not exist at %s. It was deleted in %s and last 
1	This path was a submodule at %s.
1	This path was an empty directory at %s.
1	This payment method is not the default payment method for 
1	This payment method will be used to automatically pay future 
1	This payment method will no longer be charged automatically.
1	This payment provider is disabled.
1	This permission is very dangerous. %s
1	This plan can not be run manually.
1	This policy rule (of class "%s") does not have an associated 
1	This post has been archived, and is only visible to you and 
1	This post is not associated with a blog (the blog may have 
1	This post will go live once you publish it.
1	This post will revert to draft status and no longer be visible 
1	This private key could not be opened with the provided passphrase. 
1	This private key could not be opened. This might mean that the 
1	This private key is not formatted correctly. Check that you 
1	This private key requires a passphrase, but no passphrase was 
1	This private key requires a passphrase, but the wrong 
1	This private material for this credential is not accessible via 
1	This process will spend %s more second(s) attempting to 
1	This project does not have any members.
1	This project does not have any watchers.
1	This project does not support editing membership.
1	This project has milestones.
1	This project has no milestones.
1	This project has no subprojects.
1	This project has subprojects.
1	This project is a milestone, and milestones may not have 
1	This project is already a milestone, and milestones may not 
1	This project will be moved to the archive.
1	This project will become active again.
1	This property label and property value are quite long. They 
1	This protocol does not support authentication.
1	This provider ("%s") already exists, and you can not add more 
1	This provider does not allow refreshing.
1	This provider does not require any special configuration.
1	This provider is not configured to allow linking.
1	This provider trusts the HTTP headers set by Traefik after Forward Auth. 
1	This public key is already associated with another user or device. 
1	This purchase has been completed.
1	This query ("%s") does not support sorting by order key "%s". 
1	This query (of class "%s") does not implement newResultObject(), 
1	This query (of class "%s") returned an object of class "%s" from 
1	This query is constrained by a project you do not have 
1	This query matches only unowned documents owned by anyone, 
1	This query specifies an empty constraint.
1	This query specifies an invalid parameter. Review the 
1	This query specifies only() more than once.
1	This query specifies only(), but no other constraints 
1	This query took too long, so only some results are shown. %s
1	This query took too long. %s
1	This query uses a fulltext function which this document 
1	This query will become your default query in the current application.
1	This question has been answered or resolved.
1	This question has been marked as closed,
             but you can still leave a new answer.
1	This question is invalid.
1	This question is open for answers.
1	This question is out of date.
1	This queue has no open items which you have permission to 
1	This recipient does not have a verified primary email address.
1	This recipient has disabled all email notifications 
1	This recipient has muted notifications for this object.
1	This recipient is the user whose actions caused delivery of 
1	This recipient was added by a "Send me an Email" rule in Herald, 
1	This ref is configured as untracked.
1	This ref is not a branch.
1	This ref is not configured as a permanent ref.
1	This remote repository is being observed.
1	This replica is lagging far behind the master. Data is at 
1	This repository ("%s") is not a Git repository.
1	This repository ("%s") is not a Git repository. Use "%s" to 
1	This repository ("%s") is not a Mercurial repository.
1	This repository ("%s") is not a Mercurial repository. Use "%s" to 
1	This repository ("%s") is not a Subversion repository.
1	This repository ("%s") is not a Subversion repository. Use "%s" to 
1	This repository ("%s") is not available over SSH.
1	This repository ("%s") is not writable with the given 
1	This repository can not be protected from dangerous changes 
1	This repository can not be protected from enormous changes 
1	This repository does not have any commits yet.
1	This repository does not support Git LFS, so Git LFS URIs can 
1	This repository has no URIs.
1	This repository has no branches.
1	This repository has no tags.
1	This repository is configured with default branch "%s"  but 
1	This repository is currently in read-only maintenance mode.
1	This repository is inactive.
1	This repository is not available over HTTP.
1	This repository is observed.
1	This repository is read-only over HTTP.
1	This repository is read-only over SSH (tried to execute 
1	This repository is read-only over SSH.
1	This repository is still importing.
1	This repository is still importing. History is not yet 
1	This repository request (for repository "%s") has been 
1	This repository requires authentication, which is forbidden 
1	This repository will be hosted.
1	This repository will be observed.
1	This repository will be updated soon!
1	This repository will become a new hosted repository. 
1	This repository will observe an existing remote repository. 
1	This repository will resume updates, observation, mirroring, 
1	This request asked for "%s" on host "%s", but no site is 
1	This request did not include a "Host" header. This may mean that 
1	This request had an invalid CSRF token.
1	This request had no CSRF token.
1	This request has timed out because you took too long to 
1	This request improperly specifies an MFA challenge token ("%s") 
1	This request included an improperly formatted MFA challenge 
1	This request included an invalid "Host" header, with value "%s". 
1	This request is authenticated as a cluster device, but is 
1	This request reached a site which requires HTTPS, but the 
1	This request was served from a replica database. Replica 
1	This resource has no active leases.
1	This revision already requires changes.
1	This revision can not be accepted until the required legal 
1	This revision has already been abandoned.
1	This revision has already been closed.
1	This revision has already been closed. Only open, accepted 
1	This revision has already landed.
1	This revision has been abandoned. Only accepted revisions 
1	This revision has no diffs. Something has gone quite wrong.
1	This revision has no indexed affected paths.
1	This revision is already closed.
1	This revision is already landing.
1	This revision is currently a draft. You can leave comments, but 
1	This revision is not associated with a known repository. Only 
1	This revision is now accepted and ready to land.
1	This revision is still an unsubmitted draft, so mail will not 
1	This revision is still under review. Only revisions which 
1	This revision modifies %s more files that are hidden because 
1	This revision needs review, but all reviewers have resigned.
1	This revision needs review, but all specified reviewers are 
1	This revision needs review, but no reviewers have permission 
1	This revision needs review, but there are no reviewers specified.
1	This revision now requires changes to proceed.
1	This revision now requires review to proceed.
1	This revision was automatically updated to reflect the 
1	This revision was landed with ongoing or failed builds.
1	This revision was not accepted when it landed; it landed in state %s.
1	This revision will be abandoned and closed.
1	This revision will be closed.
1	This revision will be moved out of the draft state so you can 
1	This revision will be reclaimed and reopened.
1	This revision will be removed from review queues until it is revised.
1	This revision will be reopened for review.
1	This revision will be returned to reviewers for feedback.
1	This revision will be returned to the author for updates.
1	This revision will be submitted to reviewers for feedback.
1	This rule (of type "%s") is invalid.
1	This rule (of type "%s") is invalid: %s
1	This rule can trigger for **repositories** and **projects**.
1	This rule can trigger for **repositories** or **projects**.
1	This rule has a dependency cycle and can not be evaluated:
1	This rule has a recursive dependency on itself and can not 
1	This rule is only supposed to be repeated a single time, 
1	This rule matched, but did not take any actions because it 
1	This rule triggers for %s.
1	This rule type is not supported by the selected 
1	This rule was created with a newer version of Herald. You can not 
1	This rule will become active again.
1	This rule will no longer activate.
1	This schema can use a better character set.
1	This schema can use a better collation.
1	This schema can use a better column type.
1	This schema has the wrong nullable setting.
1	This schema is expected to exist, but does not.
1	This schema is not expected to exist.
1	This script will unpublish all feed stories and notifications 
1	This section should have multiple properties with the same name.
1	This secure message is notifying you of a change to this object:
1	This server can send real-time notifications to your web browser 
1	This server does not support HTTP access to Subversion 
1	This server has %s available in %s, but the binary 
1	This server has a known bad version of "%s" installed ("%s"). This 
1	This server has a known bad version of "%s".
1	This server has consistently been unable to reach the writable 
1	This server is configured as "%s", but you are using the domain 
1	This server is configured in cluster mode, with multiple database 
1	This server is configured to use a notification server, 
1	This server is configured with an email domain whitelist (in %s), so 
1	This server is configured with multiple master databases, 
1	This server is currently configured with no writable ("master") 
1	This server is currently in read-only mode. Use --force to 
1	This server is in read-only mode (major interruption).
1	This server is in read-only mode (no writable database 
1	This server is in read-only mode (unreachable master).
1	This server is in read-only mode.
1	This server is not configured in cluster mode.
1	This server is not configured to serve cluster requests. 
1	This server is not configured with any enabled authentication 
1	This server is running in silent mode, so it will not 
1	This server received an "X-Mod-Pagespeed" or "X-Page-Speed" 
1	This server requires authentication.
1	This server supports Git LFS, a Git extension for storing large 
1	This server thinks you are using %s, but your 
1	This server was unable to connect to the writable ("master") 
1	This server will periodically retry the connection and recover 
1	This service has not been bound to any device interfaces yet.
1	This service is a cluster service. You do not have permission to 
1	This service is configured in cluster mode and the address 
1	This service is configured to operate in cluster mode, but 
1	This setup issue has been resolved. 
1	This signature has already been verified.
1	This software appears to be installed on a very small EC2 instance 
1	This software can highlight a few languages by default, 
1	This software has application policies which can dictate whether 
1	This software is currently configured to serve user uploads 
1	This software is running in silent mode.
1	This software is running in silent mode. See `%s` 
1	This software is running in silent mode; declining to mirror.
1	This software sent itself a request with "Accept-Encoding: gzip", 
1	This software sent itself a test request and expected to get a 
1	This software sent itself a test request that was compressed with 
1	This software sent itself a test request with an "Authorization" 
1	This software sent itself a test request with an HTTP GET parameter, 
1	This software sent itself a test request with an unusual path, to 
1	This software sent itself a test request with the 
1	This source ("%s") does not expose import cursors.
1	This source ("%s") does not have a "%s" cursor. Available 
1	This source ("%s") does not have any import cursors.
1	This source has no input cursors.
1	This source is not usable directly.
1	This step has an invalid implementation (%s).
1	This storage format ("%s") does not support key selection.
1	This submodule was added.
1	This submodule was copied from %s.
1	This submodule was copied to %s.
1	This submodule was deleted after being copied to %s.
1	This submodule was deleted.
1	This submodule was moved from %s.
1	This submodule was moved to %s.
1	This suggests your webserver is configured to decompress or mangle 
1	This symlink was added.
1	This symlink was copied from %s.
1	This symlink was copied to %s.
1	This symlink was deleted after being copied to %s.
1	This symlink was deleted.
1	This symlink was moved from %s.
1	This symlink was moved to %s.
1	This system does not have the "%s" extension installed, 
1	This system has an unpatched version of Bash with a severe, widely 
1	This tab panel does not have any tabs yet.
1	This tab panel does not have any tabs yet. Use "Add Tab..." to 
1	This table briefly describes available functions for this control. 
1	This table can use a better table engine.
1	This table summarizes the available mail commands. For details on a 
1	This target has no associated artifacts.
1	This task has been locked.
1	This task has no parent tasks and no subtasks, so there is no 
1	This task has no related commits or revisions.
1	This task is closed as a duplicate. 
1	This task is directly connected to more than %s other tasks, 
1	This task is directly connected to more than %s other tasks. 
1	This task is locked. Edit it anyway?
1	This task may have recently been garbage collected.
1	This test has too much data to display inline.
1	This test result has %s bytes of Remarkup test details. Remarkup 
1	This token is automatically generated, and used to make 
1	This trait is not documented.
1	This transaction group requires MFA to apply, but you can not 
1	This transaction is supposed to have an %s set, but it does not!
1	This transaction should generate its %s automatically, 
1	This transcript has an invalid or inaccessible adapter.
1	This trigger has no rules.
1	This trigger is not used by any columns.
1	This user can not see this object.
1	This user is a bot; bot accounts do not receive mail.
1	This user is disabled; disabled users do not receive mail.
1	This user who created this document
1	This usually occurs when an administrator is actively working on 
1	This version of Subversion has a bug where `%s` does not work 
1	This version of the document is already the published 
1	This very large diff affects more than %s files. Use the %s to 
1	This was a Web request.
1	This was a dry run to test Herald rules, 
1	This was a dry run, so no actions were actually taken.
1	This was a dry run, so no actions were taken.
1	This was a dry run, so no real migrations were performed.
1	This was an Ajax request.
1	This web browser does not support desktop notifications. Only 
1	This web host ("%s") is set to a very different time than a 
1	This will authorize the requesting script to act on your behalf 
1	This will create an authorization and OAuth token, permitting %s 
1	This will only affect the current web 
1	This workboard has been disabled, and you do not have permission 
1	This workboard has been disabled, but can be restored to its 
1	This workflow will generate a new SSH keypair, add the public 
1	This workflow will send this user ("%s") a copy of the "Welcome to 
1	Thispropertylabelandpropertyvaluearequitelongandhave
1	Three-Way Tree
1	Threshold must be greater than 0.0 and less than 1.0.
1	Throw Exception
1	Throw In Trash
1	Throw an exception.
1	Throw in Trash
1	Thu
1	Thumbgrid (100px)
1	Thumbnails are visible only to users who can view the original 
1	Tick at 11:11:13 AM.
1	Tick at 11:12:13 AM.
1	Time Format
1	Time Spent
1	Time formatting
1	Timeline
1	Timeline Icon
1	Timeline View
1	Timezone "%s" is not a valid timezone identifier.
1	Timezone Calibrated
1	Timezone Ignored Offset
1	Timing information about the startup sequence.
1	Ting
1	Tiny Pocket Cat Meme Machine
1	Title / Text Story
1	Title of the post.
1	To
1	To RSVP to the event, specify the desired RSVP, like 
1	To Self
1	To access information about this payment account, follow 
1	To access repositories hosted on this server over HTTP, you must 
1	To access this object, users must have first have access 
1	To access your account, provide your email address. An email 
1	To add a Duo factor, first download and install the Duo application 
1	To add a TOTP factor to your account, you will first need to install 
1	To begin on such a grand journey, 
1	To change the audio for a macro, you must upload an audio 
1	To choose a different primary contact number, make that 
1	To configure Facebook OAuth, create a new Facebook Application here:
1	To configure the search engines, edit [[ %s | %s ]] configuration. 
1	To continue, configure multi-factor authentication in Settings.
1	To continue, resolve this problem and reload the page.
1	To create a URI for a repository ("%s"), it must exist and 
1	To create a new service, you must select a service type.
1	To edit a wiki document, you must also be able to view all 
1	To enable synchronization into Asana, enter an Asana Workspace 
1	To enable the SSH error log, specify a path. Errors occurring 
1	To enable the login flow, follow setup guidance and configure 
1	To enter high security mode, confirm your credentials:
1	To import events, you must select a source to import from.
1	To include patches in Diffusion email bodies, set this to a 
1	To invite users, enter their email addresses below. 
1	To learn more about how repositories are updated, 
1	To log in to your account for the first time, follow this link:
1	To log in, follow this link and set a password:
1	To manage prototypes, enable them by setting %s in your 
1	To permanently destroy this repository, run this command from 
1	To permanently destroy this user, run this command from the 
1	To rebuild identities, run this command:
1	To rebuild the index, run this command:
1	To register an account and get started, follow this link:
1	To render more than %s levels of panels nested inside other 
1	To reset your password, provide your email address. An email 
1	To run a build manually, you normally must have permission to 
1	To search for an LDAP record before authenticating, either check 
1	To search for commits which are ancestors of particular refs, 
1	To send invites, you must enter at least one email address.
1	To set a new password, request a password reset link from the 
1	To silence this edit, run this command:
1	To specify projects to add tasks to, enter a JSON map with publisher 
1	To update these %d value(s), edit your PHP configuration file, 
1	To update these %d value(s), run these command(s) from the command 
1	To use iterated MD5, make the md5() function available.
1	To verify your phone as an authentication factor, a text message with 
1	To view a binding, you must also be able to view its device and 
1	To view a transcript, you must be able to view the object the 
1	To view a wiki document, you must also be able to view all 
1	To view log details, you must be able to view all associated 
1	Today, I went to the store. I bought an apple. I bought a 
1	Token Leader Board
1	Token Name
1	Token Query
1	Token Results (%s)
1	Token Story
1	Token does not exist or has expired.
1	Token flavor.
1	Token replacement count exceeded limit!
1	Token stem of "%s".
1	Token used
1	Tokenization of "%s"
1	Tokens: %s
1	Tomorrow
1	Too Frequent
1	Too Short
1	Too few documents of type "%s" for any ngrams to be common.
1	Too many Conduit methods provided.
1	Too many account recovery email links have been sent to this account 
1	Too many arguments: expected one key and one value.
1	Too many arguments: expected only a configuration key when 
1	Too many calls to %s or %s!
1	Too many login failures recently. You must 
1	Too many redirects trying to fetch remote URI.
1	Too many relationships (%s, of type "%s").
1	Too many tasks (%s).
1	Took repository "%s" out of maintenance mode.
1	Tooltip
1	Top Navigation
1	Topic
1	Total Chunks
1	Total Funding
1	Total Messages
1	Total Migrated Bytes: %s
1	Total Migrated Files: %s
1	Total wall time spent in this function and all of 
1	Touches Too Many Paths
1	Track Time Spent
1	Track all branches by default.
1	Track listed branches.
1	Track only these branches.
1	Tracked %s
1	Tracked %s so far
1	Tracked: %s
1	Traefik Auth
1	Traefik authentication required
1	Trailing comments should not be dropped.
1	Trait
1	Transaction %s (of type %s) has unexpected data, skipping.
1	Transaction ("%s", of type "%s") requires a handle ("%s") that it 
1	Transaction (of type "%s") has no effect.
1	Transaction Logs
1	Transaction Summary
1	Transaction comment must not yet have a PHID!
1	Transaction edge data must either be the edge PHID or an edge 
1	Transaction edge specification contains unexpected key "%s".
1	Transaction has type "%s", but that transaction type is not 
1	Transaction mail is now always sent with "Precedence: bulk" to 
1	Transaction must have a PHID before calling %s!
1	Transaction requires handles and it did not load them.
1	Transaction specifies both "afterPHID" and "afterPHIDs". 
1	Transaction specifies both "beforePHID" and "beforePHIDs". 
1	Transaction value when deleting Almanac properties must be a list 
1	Transaction value when setting Almanac properties must be a map 
1	Transaction with key "%s" has invalid type "%s". This type is 
1	Transactions are visible to users that can see the object which was 
1	Transactions have no effect:
1	Transcript %d
1	Transcript %s
1	Transcript IDs
1	Transform
1	Transforms
1	Translation
1	Translations are defined for the locale `%s`, 
1	Travel
1	Treat Accepted Revisions as "Closed"
1	Treat Accepted Revisions as "Open"
1	Tree
1	Triage
1	Triaged
1	Trigger "%s" is not a valid trigger, or you do not have 
1	Trigger Object
1	Trigger Rules
1	Trigger Usage
1	Trigger a build in Buildkite.
1	Trigger a build in CircleCI.
1	Trigger is attempting to perform a routine reschedule where 
1	Trigger is not scheduled to execute. Use --next to simulate 
1	Trigger names must not be longer than %s characters.
1	Trigger ruleset is corrupt, rule (of type "%s") does not 
1	Trigger ruleset is corrupt: expected a list of rule 
1	Trigger ruleset is corrupt: rule (at index "%s") is not a 
1	Trigger ruleset is corrupt: rule (at index "%s") should be a 
1	Trigger ruleset is corrupt: rule type "%s" is unknown.
1	Trigger: %s
1	Triggered a periodic update.
1	Trim Apart: %s
1	Triplets
1	Tropical Deep
1	Trouble logging in?
1	True if device is disabled.
1	True if the URI is disabled.
1	True if the commit is fully imported.
1	True if the commit is not the ancestor of any tag, branch, or 
1	True if the event is an all day event.
1	True if the repository is importing initial commits.
1	True if this artifact has been released.
1	True if this column is hidden.
1	True if this is a manual buildable.
1	True if this is the default column.
1	True if this revision is being held as a draft. It will not be 
1	True if this revision is in any draft state, and thus not 
1	True to approve the user.
1	True to cancel the event.
1	True to cancel the export.
1	True to cancel the import.
1	True to delete imported events.
1	True to disable the URI.
1	True to disable the binding.
1	True to disable the user.
1	True to reload the import.
1	True to sign this transaction group with MFA.
1	Truncate at 1MB
1	Truncate at 512KB
1	Trust has been revoked for public key %s.
1	Trusted
1	Trusting a public key gives anyone holding the corresponding 
1	Try as you might, you find you can not disable your own account.
1	Trying to acquire a lease on a resource which is in the wrong 
1	Trying to acquire an active lease on a pending resource. 
1	Trying to acquire lease ("%s") on a resource ("%s") in the 
1	Trying to activate a lease on a pending resource.
1	Trying to activate a lease which has the wrong status: status 
1	Trying to activate a resource from the wrong status. Status must 
1	Trying to activate a resource which has not yet been persisted.
1	Trying to activate lease ("%s") on a resource ("%s") in 
1	Trying to activate lease with no resource.
1	Trying to add a new PDF Object child after already registering 
1	Trying to add duplicate column "%s"!
1	Trying to add duplicate database "%s"!
1	Trying to add duplicate key "%s"!
1	Trying to add duplicate table "%s"!
1	Trying to allocate a resource from the wrong status. Status must 
1	Trying to allocate a resource with no generated PHID. Use "%s" to 
1	Trying to apply a command to the wrong item!
1	Trying to archive a task with no ID.
1	Trying to construct a dataset of type "%s", but this type is 
1	Trying to create a new sublist of an existing handle list, 
1	Trying to forget lock "%s", but this connection does not remember 
1	Trying to get index for object ("%s") which has not been 
1	Trying to lease tasks selected in the leased phase! This is 
1	Trying to mutate a %s, but this is not permitted; 
1	Trying to operate on unlike currencies ("%s" and "%s")!
1	Trying to queue a lease for activation without an authorizing 
1	Trying to queue a lease for activation without any allowed 
1	Trying to read configuration "%s" before configuration has been 
1	Trying to refund a charge which is already refunding!
1	Trying to refund a refund!
1	Trying to refund an uncharged charge!
1	Trying to refund more money than remaining on charge!
1	Trying to refund non-positive amount of money!
1	Trying to remember lock "%s", but this lock has already been 
1	Trying to render a handle which does not exist!
1	Trying to retrieve markup field key "%s", but this feed story 
1	Trying to save object with a currency column, but the column 
1	Trying to send an already-sent mail!
1	Trying to synchronize after write, but not holding a write 
1	Trying to unpause an active multimeter!
1	Trying to update Task %d (%s) after lease expiration!
1	Tue
1	Turn a user account into an administrator account.
1	Twitch.tv
1	Twitter
1	Two Columns: 33%%/66%%
1	Two Columns: 50%%/50%%
1	Two Columns: 66%%/33%%
1	Two HeraldActions (of classes "%s" and "%s") have the same 
1	Two HeraldFields (of classes "%s" and "%s") have the same 
1	Two builtin orders ("%s" and "%s") define the same key or 
1	Two bulk edit groups have the same key ("%s"). Each bulk edit 
1	Two different colors ("%s", "%s") are marked as the default 
1	Two different icons ("%s", "%s") are marked as the default 
1	Two different icons ("%s", "%s") are marked with special 
1	Two different task priorities ("%s" and "%s") have the same 
1	Two field specifications share the same key ("%s"). Each 
1	Two fields in this SearchEngine use the same key ("%s"), but 
1	Two guidance extensions generated guidance with the same 
1	Two objects (of classes "%s" and "%s") generate the same map 
1	Two policy rules (of classes "%s" and "%s") define the same 
1	Two search engine attachments (of classes "%s" and "%s") 
1	Two servers (at indexes "%s" and "%s") both bind to the same 
1	Two source PHIDs ("%s" and "%s") have different PHID types 
1	Two-up inline row scaffold must have at least one inline view.
1	Two-up inline row scaffold must have at most two inline views.
1	Two-up inline row scaffold must have one comment on the left and 
1	Type "%s" matches multiple indexable objects. Use a more 
1	Type "%s" matches no indexable objects. 
1	Type "any()"...
1	Type "anyone()"...
1	Type "none()"...
1	Type "not tagged with any projects"...
1	Type "unassigned"...
1	Type a Herald rule name...
1	Type a Token name...
1	Type a badge name...
1	Type a blog name...
1	Type a blueprint name...
1	Type a book name...
1	Type a branch name...
1	Type a build plan name...
1	Type a build status name...
1	Type a dashboard name...
1	Type a field value...
1	Type a form name...
1	Type a language name or leave blank to auto-detect...
1	Type a lease ID (exact match)...
1	Type a log type name...
1	Type a macro name...
1	Type a package name or function...
1	Type a panel name...
1	Type a portal name...
1	Type a project name or function...
1	Type a project subtype name...
1	Type a publisher name...
1	Type a queue name...
1	Type a repository name or function...
1	Type a repository name...
1	Type a resource name...
1	Type a revision status name or function...
1	Type a revision status name...
1	Type a room title...
1	Type a rule type...
1	Type a service name...
1	Type a service type name...
1	Type a space name...
1	Type a symbol name...
1	Type a task priority name...
1	Type a task status name or function...
1	Type a task status name...
1	Type a task subtype name...
1	Type a user or project name, or function...
1	Type a user or project name...
1	Type a user, project name, or function...
1	Type a user, project or package name...
1	Type a user, project, or package name, or function...
1	Type a user, project, package, or mailing list name...
1	Type a username or "none"...
1	Type a username, project, mailing list, or function...
1	Type a username, project, mailing list, package, or function...
1	Type a username...
1	Type a webhook name...
1	Type an adapter name...
1	Type an application email address...
1	Type an application name...
1	Type an emoji name...
1	Type an icon name...
1	Type an interface name...
1	Type an object type name...
1	Type another build step name...
1	Type any(<project>) or not(<project>)...
1	Type exact(<user>)...
1	Type members(<project>)...
1	Type of blueprint.
1	Type of resource being leased.
1	Type of signature required
1	Type of the MFA provider.
1	Type only()...
1	Type packages(<user>) or packages(<project>)...
1	Type specification "%s" duplicates type specification "%s". 
1	Type tagged(<project>)...
1	Type the name of a user, application or Herald rule...
1	Type viewerprojects()...
1	Typeahead
1	Typeahead Function Help
1	Typeahead Results
1	Typeahead functions are an advanced feature which allow you to build 
1	Typeahead strategies are now managed automatically.
1	Typeaheads
1	Typeaheads, tokenizers and tokens.
1	UIExamples
1	UNARCHIVING
1	UNEXPECTED
1	UNHEALTHY: This database has failed recent health checks. Traffic 
1	UNLOCKED
1	UNLOCKING
1	UNSAFE: Raw string ("%s") passed to query ("%s") for "%%Q" 
1	UNSAFE: Raw string ("%s") passed to query ("%s") subclause 
1	UNSUBSCRIBE
1	URI "%s" does not have an allowable protocol. Configure 
1	URI "%s" is not a valid fetchable resource. The domain "%s" 
1	URI "%s" is not a valid fetchable resource. The domain "%s" could 
1	URI "%s" is not a valid link URI. It should be a full, valid 
1	URI %d %s
1	URI Documentation
1	URI I/O behavior.
1	URI display behavior.
1	URI for the webhook.
1	URI that Phurl will use to shorten URLs.
1	URI where this software is installed.
1	URL DESCRIPTION
1	URL DETAIL
1	URL Shortener
1	URL long description.
1	URL of external bug tracker used by Diffusion. %s will be 
1	URL path is required
1	US Central (CDT)
1	US East (EDT)
1	US Mountain (MDT)
1	US West (PDT)
1	US: 2/28/2000
1	USER
1	USERS
1	USWest Region
1	UTC+%s
1	UTC-%s
1	Umbrella
1	Unable to "getAccount()" before loading or setting account 
1	Unable to "getMerchants()" before loading or setting account 
1	Unable to Cancel Order
1	Unable to Connect to Notification Server
1	Unable to Continue
1	Unable to Create Workboard
1	Unable to Disable
1	Unable to Establish Web Session
1	Unable to Generate Keys
1	Unable to Load Branches
1	Unable to Load File
1	Unable to Log In
1	Unable to Make Primary
1	Unable to Push
1	Unable to Reach Any Database
1	Unable to Reach Master
1	Unable to Refund Order
1	Unable to Render Dashboard
1	Unable to Retrieve History
1	Unable to Retrieve Paths
1	Unable to Send Command
1	Unable to Verify Email
1	Unable to Verify Signature
1	Unable to Void Invoice
1	Unable to access a required database or table. This almost 
1	Unable to acquire lease "%s" on any resource.
1	Unable to acquire slot locks.
1	Unable to acquire slot locks: %s.
1	Unable to allocate any binding as a resource.
1	Unable to apply patch "%s" because it depends on patch 
1	Unable to build a new transaction for adapter object; it does 
1	Unable to build resource interface of type "%s".
1	Unable to calculate %s, this subscription has not been 
1	Unable to change ownership of an identity file to daemon user 
1	Unable to compute HMAC-SHA256 digest of message.
1	Unable to compute chunked hash without real viewer!
1	Unable to compute integrity hash for file "%s": %s
1	Unable to connect to LDAP server (%s:%d).
1	Unable to connect to master database ("%s"). This is a severe 
1	Unable to connect to memcache server (%s:%d)!
1	Unable to connect to payment provider:
1	Unable to construct a date value from value of type "%s".
1	Unable to convert from requested encoding %s to UTF8.
1	Unable to copy from parent event: this is not a child event.
1	Unable to decode base64 data!
1	Unable to decode base64 data: %s
1	Unable to determine how to clone the repository for this 
1	Unable to determine how to fetch changes: this buildable does not 
1	Unable to determine image dimensions with 
1	Unable to determine image width and height with getimagesize().
1	Unable to determine the username to connect with when trying 
1	Unable to determine the version number of "%s".
1	Unable to determine the version number of "%s". Usually, this means 
1	Unable to establish a write-mode connection (to application 
1	Unable to establish lock on connection: this connection is 
1	Unable to execute command "%s": this command does not have 
1	Unable to find LDAP account!
1	Unable to find a content column to place the footer inside.
1	Unable to find any Asana user with valid credentials to 
1	Unable to find any object with the specified name ("%s").
1	Unable to find fetch!
1	Unable to find lines.
1	Unable to find the specified documentation. 
1	Unable to find transaction query for object of class "%s".
1	Unable to fork!
1	Unable to generate a new child event for an event which is not 
1	Unable to generate patch: %s
1	Unable to get image information with getimagesize(): %s
1	Unable to handle proxied service request. This device is not 
1	Unable to identify parent "%s"!
1	Unable to identify the protocol for URI "%s". URIs must be 
1	Unable to imagecolorallocatealpha() a new empty image: %s
1	Unable to imagecreatetruecolor() a new empty image: %s
1	Unable to imagefill() a new empty image: %s
1	Unable to imagesavealpha() a new empty image: %s
1	Unable to inflate log chunk!
1	Unable to instantiate query class "%s": %s
1	Unable to load Almanac binding ("%s") for resource ("%s").
1	Unable to load Calendar import with ID "%s".
1	Unable to load Content object with PHID "%s".
1	Unable to load Duo API credential ("%s").
1	Unable to load Herald rule with ID or monogram "%s".
1	Unable to load an email address for this PHID.
1	Unable to load any of the members of the account ("%s") for this 
1	Unable to load build log "%s".
1	Unable to load build target "%s".
1	Unable to load bulk job with ID "%s".
1	Unable to load changeset.
1	Unable to load cluster service.
1	Unable to load commit "%s".
1	Unable to load configuration for this EditEngine ("%s").
1	Unable to load diff "%s".
1	Unable to load diff.
1	Unable to load file ("%s") for import.
1	Unable to load file data for hunk with wrong data type ("%s").
1	Unable to load image data with imagecreatefromstring(): %s
1	Unable to load inline "%d".
1	Unable to load inline "%s".
1	Unable to load lease ("%s").
1	Unable to load lease with ID "%s"!
1	Unable to load mail message (with ID "%s") while preparing to 
1	Unable to load object "%s" to rebuild indexes.
1	Unable to load object "%s" to receive message.
1	Unable to load object "%s".
1	Unable to load object ("%s") for webhook request ("%s").
1	Unable to load object with PHID "%s"!
1	Unable to load query for transaction object "%s"!
1	Unable to load replaced image ("%s"): %s
1	Unable to load replacement image ("%s"): %s
1	Unable to load repository with PHID "%s".
1	Unable to load revision.
1	Unable to load server status: this is not an admin server!
1	Unable to load specified webhook ("%s").
1	Unable to load subscription with PHID "%s".
1	Unable to load symbol %s: this class does not exist.
1	Unable to load the file for this log. The file may have been 
1	Unable to load transactions: %s.
1	Unable to load user record for this PHID.
1	Unable to load webhook request ("%s"). It may have been 
1	Unable to load your OAuth1 token secret from storage. It may 
1	Unable to lock repository "%s": only clustered repositories 
1	Unable to lock repository "%s": only hosted repositories may be 
1	Unable to lock repository "%s": only repositories that support 
1	Unable to make payment: %s
1	Unable to parse argument to "--until".
1	Unable to parse copy time limit, specify a positive number 
1	Unable to parse date "%s". Use a format like "%s".
1	Unable to parse entry!
1	Unable to parse filesize limit: %s
1	Unable to parse function and arguments for token "%s".
1	Unable to parse this document as JSON: %s
1	Unable to parse time "%s".
1	Unable to parse touch limit, specify a positive number of 
1	Unable to perform capability tests on an object (of class "%s") 
1	Unable to perform text encoding conversion: mbstring extension 
1	Unable to pop profiler stack: expected frame of type "%s" with 
1	Unable to pop profiler stack: profiler stack is empty.
1	Unable to pop working directory, directory stack is empty.
1	Unable to post message: this is not an admin server!
1	Unable to promote "%s" for repository "%s" because this 
1	Unable to proxy this SSH request within the cluster: this device 
1	Unable to read device private key while attempting to make 
1	Unable to read device public key while attempting to make 
1	Unable to refresh token!
1	Unable to refund charge; no Stripe chargeID!
1	Unable to refund some charges!
1	Unable to render resource "%s", which has unknown type "%s".
1	Unable to render value for unknown field type ("%s").
1	Unable to resolve domain "%s"!
1	Unable to retrieve CommitRef record for commit "%s".
1	Unable to retrieve Ferret engine metadata, this class ("%s") does 
1	Unable to retrieve details for commit "%s"!
1	Unable to retrieve profile: profiler stack is not empty. The 
1	Unable to select tab ("%s") which does not exist.
1	Unable to send message with unknown message type "%s".
1	Unable to start TLS connection when connecting to LDAP.
1	Unable to start notifications server because it is already 
1	Unable to stop PID %d ("%s").
1	Unable to stop all daemon processes. You may need to run this 
1	Unable to sync: failed to load object "%s".
1	Unable to sync: no external object PHID.
1	Unable to test client on an admin server!
1	Unable to test remote address against cluster whitelist: 
1	Unable to transform image: the imagecreatefromstring() function 
1	Unable to update charge; no Stripe chargeID!
1	Unable to upload file: the server is not configured with any 
1	Unable to upload file: this file is too large for any 
1	Unable to upload file: this server is not configured with any 
1	Unable to upload: a PHP extension stopped the upload.
1	Unable to write ICS document: event has no UID, but each event 
1	Unable to write ICS document: event has no modified time, but 
1	Unable to write file: failed to write to temporary directory.
1	Unable to write file: temporary directory does not exist.
1	Unapproved
1	Unapproved Account
1	Unarchiving %s.
1	Unassigned task.
1	Unassigned: %s
1	Unauthenticated Protocol
1	Unblock
1	Unbreak Now!
1	Unbreak!
1	Uncommon
1	Under Maintenance
1	Underlying repository version control system.
1	Undocumented Install
1	Unexpected "git upload-pack" initial protocol frame: expected 
1	Unexpected "git upload-pack" protocol frame: expected 
1	Unexpected BOOLEAN value "%s".
1	Unexpected Error
1	Unexpected character ("%s") in edit string.
1	Unexpected currency!
1	Unexpected end of file.
1	Unexpected events in file "%s" on test "%s"
1	Unexpected failure while destroying lease ("%s").
1	Unexpected failure while destroying resource ("%s").
1	Unexpected hint format at index "%s": %s
1	Unexpected infinite loop in %s!
1	Unexpected invitees in file "%s" on test "%s"
1	Unexpected key "%s" in datetime dictionary, expected keys: %s.
1	Unexpected key "%s" in duration dictionary, expected keys: %s.
1	Unexpected leading character "%s" at line index %s!
1	Unexpected line count from `%s` in %s!
1	Unexpected number of output lines from "git cat-file" when 
1	Unexpected number of output lines from "git diff-tree" when 
1	Unexpected object type from `%s` in %s: %s
1	Unexpected object type provided as `action` - %s
1	Unexpected output from hg annotate: %s
1	Unexpected output while updating repository "%s": %s
1	Unexpected presence of user "%s" in file "%s" on test "%s"
1	Unexpected property "%s" in Javelin class definition!
1	Unexpected result for "%s". <uri = %s, expect exception = %s>
1	Unexpected value "%s" in "%s" RRULE property: expected 
1	Unexpected value "%s" in "%s" RULE property: expected an 
1	Unfiltered
1	Unguarded write! There must be an active %s to perform writes.
1	Unhandled Exception ("%s")
1	Unhandled Exception: %s
1	Unified
1	Unignore
1	Unignore Setup Issue
1	Unignore this setup issue?
1	Uninstalled Documentation
1	Unique key to identify the package.
1	Unique key to identify the publisher.
1	Unique short name, if the repository has one.
1	Unit %d
1	Unit (3/5)
1	Unit (5/5)
1	Unit Test
1	Unit Test (Permanent)
1	Unit Test (Temporary)
1	Unit Test User %d
1	Unit test value.
1	Unit tests were skipped when generating these changes.
1	Unknown %s mechanism!
1	Unknown (ID %d)
1	Unknown Almanac Device Status ("%s")
1	Unknown Audit Request Status ("%s")
1	Unknown CSS variable "%s"!
1	Unknown CircleCI build type "%s". Expected "%s" or "%s".
1	Unknown Conduit token type "%s"!
1	Unknown Config
1	Unknown Configuration Option "%s"
1	Unknown Content-Security-Policy URI kind "%s".
1	Unknown Effect ("%s")
1	Unknown Event Type ("%s")
1	Unknown External
1	Unknown Field ("%s")
1	Unknown Field: "%s"
1	Unknown HTML renderer "%s"!
1	Unknown Hold ("%s")
1	Unknown Input
1	Unknown Javelin Dependency
1	Unknown Lint Status ("%s")
1	Unknown Mercurial command "%s"!
1	Unknown Message
1	Unknown Message "%s"
1	Unknown Object (%s)
1	Unknown Policy
1	Unknown Quality ("%s")
1	Unknown Reason ("%s")
1	Unknown Repository
1	Unknown Rule
1	Unknown Scope
1	Unknown Sender
1	Unknown Status ("%s")
1	Unknown Unit Message ("%s")
1	Unknown Unit Status ("%s")
1	Unknown VCS.
1	Unknown action: %s
1	Unknown blueprint field "%s"!
1	Unknown build step field "%s"!
1	Unknown cache format.
1	Unknown cart status "%s"!
1	Unknown chunk encoding "%s"!
1	Unknown column type "%s"!
1	Unknown commit "%s"!
1	Unknown condition "%s"!
1	Unknown conversion, try %s, %s, or %s.
1	Unknown edge constant "%s"!
1	Unknown edit string "%s"!
1	Unknown engine ruleset: %s!
1	Unknown event: %s
1	Unknown export format ("%s").
1	Unknown export format ("%s"). Known formats are: %s.
1	Unknown fact ("%s") for engine "%s".
1	Unknown failure reason: %s
1	Unknown field: %s
1	Unknown file content request kind "%s".
1	Unknown groupBy parameter: %s
1	Unknown import trigger frequency "%s".
1	Unknown log chunk encoding ("%s")!
1	Unknown mailer ("%s")!
1	Unknown map "%s".
1	Unknown mode "%s". Valid modes are: %s.
1	Unknown option "%s" in: %s
1	Unknown order "%s"!
1	Unknown order "%s".
1	Unknown parser state "%s".\n
1	Unknown patch "%s" in "%s", 
1	Unknown reason ("%s").
1	Unknown renderer type "%s"!
1	Unknown rendering target: %s
1	Unknown repository "%s"!
1	Unknown repository VCS type.
1	Unknown repository type "%s"!
1	Unknown request type.
1	Unknown revision status filter constant "%s".
1	Unknown routing rule "%s".
1	Unknown rule type "%s"!
1	Unknown schema adjustment kind "%s"!
1	Unknown schema status "%s"!
1	Unknown search engine class "%s".
1	Unknown search function "%s". Supported functions are: %s. 
1	Unknown session type "%s".
1	Unknown signal "%s" ("%d").
1	Unknown status "%s"!
1	Unknown task status!
1	Unknown type matched as image MIME type.
1	Unknown version control system!
1	Unknown version control system.
1	Unknown view key "%s".
1	Unlabeled Function
1	Unless you have a very good reason to delete this user, consider 
1	Unlink
1	Unlink "%s" Account?
1	Unlink Account
1	Unlink External Account
1	Unlink Your Only Login Account?
1	Unlinked Account Instructions
1	Unloadable Targets
1	Unlock one or more objects by changing their view policies, edit 
1	Unlock the authentication provider config, to make it possible 
1	Unlocked
1	Unlocked the authentication provider configuration.
1	Unlocking: %s
1	Unmark as "Create" Form
1	Unmark as "Edit" Form
1	Unmark as Create Form
1	Unmark as Edit Form
1	Unmark this form as a create form? It will still function properly, 
1	Unmark this form as an edit form? It will no longer be able to be 
1	Unmute
1	Unmute this object? You will receive notifications and email 
1	Unnamed Column
1	Unnamed Event "%s"
1	Unnamed File
1	Unnamed Footer Item
1	Unnamed Imported Event
1	Unnamed Sample
1	Unnamed Tab
1	Unnecessary Javelin Dependency
1	Unpaid Invoices
1	Unpublish Post
1	Unpublish all feed stories and notifications that a repository 
1	Unpublished
1	Unpublished Commit
1	Unpublished draft by %s in %s.
1	Unpublishing commit "%s".
1	Unreachable
1	Unread
1	Unreadable Commit
1	Unrecognized hook "%s"!
1	Unrecognized repository path "%s". Expected a path like "%s", 
1	Unrecognized verb: %s
1	Unresolvable External
1	Unripe Plum
1	Unsafe MySQL "local_infile" Setting Enabled
1	Unsafe PHP "Local Infile" Configuration
1	Unsaved
1	Unsound
1	Unstable Method
1	Unstable Methods
1	Unstyled
1	Unsubmitted Comments
1	Unsubscribed
1	Unsupported Response Type
1	Unsupported VCS "%s"!
1	Unsupported bulk edit type "%s".
1	Unsupported character set "%s".
1	Unsupported collation set "%s".
1	Unsupported currency ("%s")!
1	Unsupported data encoding.
1	Unsupported item action "%s".
1	Unsupported operator prefix "%s".
1	Unsupported order "%s".
1	Unsupported view type, possibles are: %s
1	Unsupported/Insecure "%s" Version
1	Unsynchronized
1	Untitled "%s" Item
1	Untitled Article "%s"
1	Untitled Document
1	Untitled Form
1	Untitled Story
1	Untitled Task
1	Untracked Ref
1	Unused Output
1	Unused trigger.
1	Unverified "%s", an address for "%s".
1	Unverified "%s", the primary address for "%s".
1	Unverified User Email
1	Unverify an email address so it no longer receives mail.
1	Unwatch Project?
1	Up
1	Up Left
1	Up Right
1	Up To Date
1	Up to Date
1	Upcoming
1	Upcoming Triggers
1	Update %s
1	Update Automatically
1	Update Daily
1	Update Error
1	Update Existing Revision
1	Update Frequency
1	Update Hourly
1	Update Now
1	Update Preview
1	Update Repository Now
1	Update Revision %s: %s
1	Update Variable
1	Update __repository__. This performs the __pull__, __discover__, 
1	Update a Differential revision.
1	Update a Phriction document.
1	Update a lease.
1	Update a resource.
1	Update all commits in all repositories.
1	Update an existing Maniphest task.
1	Update an existing conpherence room.
1	Update commits to make their summary audit state reflect the 
1	Update configuration in the database instead of 
1	Update frequency constant.
1	Update has no effect.
1	Update named commits and repositories.
1	Update only this build.
1	Update or route an item.
1	Update package relationships for commits.
1	Update refs in __repository__.
1	Update the event description.
1	Update the published version of this document to this newer 
1	Update the revision test plan.
1	Update the task description.
1	Updated %s
1	Updated After
1	Updated Before
1	Updated By
1	Updated Event
1	Updated common ngrams for "%s".
1	Updated hint for "%s".
1	Updated repository "%s".
1	Updates OK
1	Updates from background processing in daemons.
1	Updates from subscriptions and payment processors.
1	Updating "%s" (%s)...
1	Updating Build Targets
1	Updating Builds
1	Updating Revision
1	Updating build %d of buildable %s...
1	Updating lease "%s".
1	Updating main task.
1	Updating refs in "%s"...
1	Updating resource "%s".
1	Updating the working copy for repository "%s".
1	Updoot In 5 Seconds
1	Upgrade MySQL Schema
1	Upgrade database schemata.
1	Upgrade to PHP 5.5.0 or newer.
1	Upgrading partial session of user with no session!
1	Upload %s from %s.
1	Upload Complete...
1	Upload From Host
1	Upload New Audio
1	Upload New Logo
1	Upload SSH Public Key
1	Upload Source
1	Upload a File
1	Upload a chunk of file data to the server.
1	Upload a file to the server.
1	Upload a file.
1	Upload failed: unknown error (%s).
1	Upload sets of images for review with revision history and 
1	Uploaded File
1	Uploaded by %s on %s
1	Uploaded data is corrupt or invalid. Expected hash "%s", actual 
1	Uploaded on %s
1	Uploading Image...
1	Uptime
1	Usage
1	Use "--force" to force the index to update these documents.
1	Use "--id" or "--active" to select builds.
1	Use "--id" to choose a bulk job to make silent.
1	Use "--lease" to specify a lease.
1	Use "--output <path>" to specify an output file, or "--output -" 
1	Use "--start <message>" to put repositories into maintenance 
1	Use "--to" to choose a storage format, or "--auto" to select a 
1	Use "--type <type>" or "--provider <phid>" to specify which 
1	Use "--user <username>" to specify which user to strip factors 
1	Use "Edit Menu" to add menu items to this portal.
1	Use "bin/phd debug ..." to get a detailed daemon execution log.
1	Use "phd stop" to stop daemons, "phd restart" to restart 
1	Use "plain" to remove encoding, or "compress" to compress 
1	Use %s Username
1	Use %s to choose a user to reset actions for.
1	Use %s to comments and transactions.
1	Use %s to create a control which allows 
1	Use %s to create notifications.
1	Use %s to listen for gesture events. Note that you 
1	Use %s to render a pager element.
1	Use %s to render buttons.
1	Use %s to render errors, warnings and notices.
1	Use %s to render hovercards.
1	Use %s to render lists of objects.
1	Use %s to render object properties.
1	Use %s to render various tags.
1	Use %s to select triggers by ID.
1	Use %s to show relationships with objects.
1	Use %s to specify a build plan to run.
1	Use %s to start daemons. See %s.
1	Use --as <format> to select a target encoding format. Available 
1	Use Almanac devices to catalogue your build hosts 
1	Use Almanac networks to catalogue private and public 
1	Use Default (UTF-8)
1	Use Form
1	Use HSTS
1	Use High Contrast Colors
1	Use Icon and Color
1	Use Larger Font Size
1	Use Logo
1	Use Maniphest to track bugs, features, todos, or anything else 
1	Use Monospaced Font
1	Use Normal HTTP Redirects
1	Use Parent Background (Default)
1	Use Plain Text: [Differential]
1	Use Primary Email Address
1	Use Private Replies (More Secure)
1	Use Public Replies (Less Secure)
1	Use Pygments
1	Use Pygments to highlight code?
1	Use Red/Green (Deuteranopia) Colors
1	Use Results
1	Use Standard Colors
1	Use TLS
1	Use Variable-Width Font
1	Use XHPAST
1	Use `%s` instead of this option.
1	Use a specific configuration file instead of the default 
1	Use constraint flags (like "--id" or "--class") to select which 
1	Use either %s or %s and %s to specify the 
1	Use flags to specify at least one edit to apply to the 
1	Use form-encoded data to submit parameters to Conduit endpoints. 
1	Use lowercase letters, digits, and periods. For example: %s
1	Use one of "--id" or "--active" to select builds, but not both.
1	Use specific endpoint
1	Use tabs to switch between several other panels.
1	Use the %s panel in Settings to generate or manage API tokens.
1	Use the %s to manage enabled applications.
1	Use the **OAuth App Notes** field to record details about which 
1	Use the button below to log in as: %s
1	Use the default retention policy.
1	Use the provided subject.
1	Use the same policy as the parent blog.
1	Use this link to recover access to the "%s" account from the web 
1	Use this method to attach artifacts to build targets while running 
1	Used by Columns
1	Used if the "From:" address does not map to a user account. 
1	Used on %s.
1	User %s
1	User Account Settings
1	User Accounts and Profiles
1	User Activity Logs
1	User Administration
1	User Availability
1	User Email
1	User Guide: Amazon RDS
1	User Guide: Configuring an External Editor
1	User Guide: Customizing Forms
1	User Guide: Prototype Applications
1	User Guide: Search
1	User Guide: Webhooks
1	User Interface
1	User Mismatch
1	User PHID
1	User PHID ("%s") is not a valid user.
1	User PHID of the author.
1	User PHID of the creator.
1	User PHID.
1	User Policies
1	User Policy
1	User Profile
1	User Profiles
1	User Since
1	User account "%s" is already an administrator. You can only 
1	User account "%s" is already approved. You can only 
1	User account "%s" is not disabled. You can only enable accounts 
1	User account is not permitted to use the API.
1	User account to act on.
1	User has already been created!
1	User has no primary email address!
1	User has not been awarded any badges.
1	User icon to accompany their title.
1	User is not a member of any projects.
1	User profiles configuration.
1	User title, like "CEO" or "Assistant to the Manager".
1	User to notify.
1	User who closed the task, if the task is closed.
1	User who is responsible for the task.
1	User with PHID %s not found.
1	Username Attribute
1	Username Change Instructions
1	Username and email must be unique.
1	Username is invalid! %s
1	Username or Email
1	Username.
1	Username/Password
1	Usernames
1	Usernames cannot contain spaces. Please replace them 
1	Usernames cannot end with a period.
1	Usernames must contain only numbers, Latin letters, period, 
1	Usernames must have no more than %s characters.
1	Users and projects which own the package.
1	Users can configure a URI pattern to open files in a text 
1	Users can make requests to other services from 
1	Users can not be permanently destroyed from the web interface. 
1	Users can view their activity and activity that affects them.
1	Users invited to the event.
1	Users invited to this event can take this action.
1	Users must be able to see a build target to see its artifacts.
1	Users must be able to see a build target to view its build log.
1	Users must be able to see a build to view its build targets.
1	Users must be able to see a project to see its board.
1	Users who are invited to an event can always view it.
1	Users who can edit a blog can always view it.
1	Users who can edit a project can always join it.
1	Users who can see objects in this space:
1	Users will only be able to register with a verified email address 
1	Users with access may join and leave this project.
1	Users with access may join this project, but may not leave.
1	Users with the "%s" capability:
1	Uses Import Policy
1	Using HTTP Parameters
1	Using Typeahead Functions
1	Using the %s OAuth Server
1	Usually, builds may be restarted by users who have permission 
1	Utility
1	Utilize the full capabilities of your ALU.
1	VALID
1	VCS Password
1	VCS is not supported for this method.
1	Valid Output
1	Valid fetchable remote URI: %s
1	Valid linkable remote URI: %s
1	Valid local resource: %s
1	Valid setting
1	Validate "%s"
1	Validate that all locales and translations are properly constructed.
1	Validating...
1	Validation (https): %s
1	Validation (params): %s
1	Validation Errors
1	Validation errors:
1	Validation of "%s"
1	Validity of macro "%s"
1	Validity of password "%s".
1	Value "%s" in RRULE "%s" parameter is invalid: it must be 
1	Value "%s" in RRULE "%s" parameter is invalid: it must not 
1	Value "%s" in RRULE "%s" parameter is invalid: values must be 
1	Value "%s" is not a valid IO setting for this URI. 
1	Value "%s" is not a valid display setting for this URI. 
1	Value "%s" is not a valid option for behavior "%s". Valid 
1	Value for "%%Z" conversion should be a raw string.
1	Value for "%s" rule is invalid: %s
1	Value for "fact-key" argument must be a string, got %s.
1	Value for "function" argument must be a function definition, 
1	Value for "function" argument must be a list with a function 
1	Value for "function" argument must be a natural list 
1	Value for "function" argument must be a natural list, not 
1	Value for "number" argument must be an integer or double, 
1	Value for option "%s" must be an integer.
1	Value for option "%s" of type "%s" must be either 
1	Value provided to "--count" must be a nonzero, positive 
1	Value with key "%s" in order vector is not a string (it has 
1	Variable "%s"
1	Variable List
1	Variable key "%s" must contain only lowercase letters, digits, 
1	Variable key is required.
1	Variable key must be unique.
1	Variable value must be valid JSON.
1	Variables
1	Vary Subjects
1	Vast Wealth
1	Verbillion
1	Verification Email Sent
1	Verification code can not be regenerated after an invite is 
1	Verified
1	Verified User Email
1	Verified email addresses can not be reassigned.
1	Verified, Corporate
1	Verified, Current
1	Verify
1	Verify Email Address
1	Verify Signature?
1	Verify an unverified email address which is already attached to 
1	Verify or recalculate file integrity hashes.
1	Verify this email address (%s) and attach it to your 
1	Verify this email address (%s) and attach it to your account?
1	Verifying database schemata on "%s"...
1	Version %d
1	Version %d (%s)
1	Version %d of %d: 
1	Version %s vs %s
1	Version Control System
1	Version Information
1	Version Issue
1	Version control system selection.
1	Version name "%s" is not valid: version names are required.
1	Version name "%s" is not valid: version names may not start or 
1	Version name "%s" is not valid: version names may only contain 
1	Version name "%s" is not valid: version names must not be 
1	Versioned draft is not attached for user with fragment "%s".
1	Versions must have a name.
1	Very Weak
1	Via Content Source
1	Via:
1	Video
1	View "%s"
1	View API Token
1	View Active Keys
1	View Activity Log
1	View Affected Path Index
1	View All %s Files
1	View All Builds
1	View All Charges
1	View All Files
1	View All Invoices
1	View All Merchants
1	View All Results
1	View All Subscriptions
1	View Alternatives
1	View As
1	View As Document Type...
1	View As List
1	View Backers
1	View Badge
1	View Branches
1	View Build
1	View Chart
1	View Commit
1	View Configuration
1	View Current Build
1	View Data
1	View Details
1	View Draft Version
1	View Edit History
1	View Email Body
1	View External Build Results
1	View File
1	View Form
1	View Form Configurations
1	View Full Logs
1	View Full Test Results (%s)
1	View Full Transcript
1	View HMAC Key
1	View Handle
1	View Herald Transcript
1	View Hovercard
1	View Inline
1	View Item
1	View Mock
1	View More...
1	View Object
1	View Pull Logs
1	View Push Logs
1	View Raw Event
1	View Raw LFS Pointer
1	View Recipients
1	View Repository
1	View Revision
1	View Side-by-Side Diff
1	View Signatures
1	View Standalone
1	View Sync Logs
1	View Tasks as Query
1	View Transforms
1	View Trigger
1	View URI for the buildable.
1	View URI for the file.
1	View URI for the paste.
1	View URI for the revision.
1	View Unified Diff
1	View and manage resources Drydock has built, like hosts.
1	View as Audio
1	View as Hexdump
1	View as Image
1	View as JSON
1	View as Jupyter Notebook
1	View as PDF
1	View as Remarkup
1	View as Source
1	View as Video
1	View full transaction history
1	View in Buildkite
1	View in CircleCI
1	View in Conpherence
1	View on forward revision
1	View on previous revision
1	View status information for databases, caches, repositories, 
1	View/Sign Document
1	Viewer
1	Viewing As "%s"
1	Vim
1	Visible Columns
1	Visit URL
1	Visual PHP Parser
1	Visual Studio Code
1	Void Invoice?
1	Voted
1	Voted In
1	Voters
1	Voting improves cardiovascular endurance.
1	WARNING: The "Track Only" feature is deprecated. Use "Fetch Refs" 
1	WARNING: This is a prototype option and the description below 
1	WARNING: This is a very advanced option, and only useful for 
1	WARNING: You have not configured any authentication providers 
1	WORKBOARD
1	Wait
1	Wait For Approval Instructions
1	Wait For Message
1	Wait for Approval
1	Wait for Previous Commits to Build
1	Wait for previous commits to finish building the current plan 
1	Waiting For Activation
1	Waiting For Confirmation
1	Waiting For Reclamation
1	Waiting For Resource
1	Waiting For Update
1	Waiting for %s
1	Waiting for %s to finish writing (on device "%s" for %ss)...
1	Waiting for Message
1	Waiting for activation of resources: %s.
1	Waiting for available resources from: %s.
1	Waiting for daemons to activate leases...
1	Waiting for daemons to build a working copy.
1	Waiting for daemons to read updates.
1	Waiting for reclamation of resources: %s.
1	Waiting for updates to complete...
1	Waiting on Auditors
1	Waiting on Other Reviewers
1	Waiting on Review
1	Waiting on another user to finish writing...
1	Waiting to acquire write lock for "%s"...
1	Waiting to land revision into %s on %s...
1	Waiting to test configuration for %s...
1	Waking pool "%s" (triggered by overseer module "%s").
1	Wall Time
1	Wall Time (Exclusive)
1	Wall Time (Inclusive)
1	Wall time spent in this function, excluding time 
1	Warm!
1	Warn When Landing
1	Warning ("%s") while parsing ICS data (near line %s): %s
1	Warning: Draft Revision
1	Warning: Editing Inlines
1	Warnings
1	Warp to New Planet
1	Watch Project?
1	Watch for danger!
1	Watched
1	Watching a project also watches all subprojects and milestones of 
1	Watching a project will let you monitor it closely. You will 
1	Water Vessel
1	Wayfinding
1	We didn\'t find a "%s" field in the commit message.
1	We should not be able to lease a task multiple times.
1	Weak (Control Unowned Paths)
1	Weak (Package Watches Paths)
1	Web
1	Web Form
1	Web Only
1	Web Request
1	Web and Desktop
1	Webhook %d %s
1	Webhook HMAC Key
1	Webhook ID to call
1	Webhook Request
1	Webhook Request %d
1	Webhook Token
1	Webhook URIs can be no longer than %s characters.
1	Webhook names can be no longer than %s characters.
1	Webhook request ("%s") is not in "%s" status (actual 
1	Webhook status "%s" is not valid. Valid statuses are: %s.
1	Webhooks must have a URI.
1	Webhooks must have a name.
1	Wed
1	Week Starts On
1	Weekday "%s" is not a valid weekday constant. Valid constants 
1	Weekly
1	Weekly recurring event.
1	Weigh In
1	Welcome
1	Welcome to Audit
1	Welcome to Conpherence
1	Welcome to Diffusion
1	Welcome to Phriction
1	Welcome, %s. To complete the process of logging in, provide your 
1	What
1	What locale to use for command-line scripts that 
1	What time did you start working?
1	What time did you stop working?
1	Whatevery Hovercard
1	When
1	When %s creates tasks in Asana, it can add the tasks 
1	When %s these conditions are met:
1	When Complete
1	When a build is restarted, side effects associated with 
1	When a card is dropped into a column that uses this trigger, 
1	When a card is dropped into a column which uses this trigger:
1	When a revision is updated, this software attempts to bring inline 
1	When a user attempts to `arc land` a revision and that revision 
1	When accepting a revision, you must accept on behalf of at 
1	When all of these conditions are met:
1	When any of these conditions are met:
1	When building a revision, abort copies of this build plan which are 
1	When constructing clone URIs to show to users, Diffusion by 
1	When constructing clone URIs to show to users, Diffusion will 
1	When creating a blueprint, set the type.
1	When creating a new Almanac binding via the Conduit API, you 
1	When creating a new Almanac interface via the Conduit API, you 
1	When creating a new Almanac service via the Conduit API, you 
1	When creating a new Drydock blueprint via the Conduit API, you 
1	When creating a project, specify a maximum of one parent 
1	When creating a repository URI, you must specify which 
1	When creating a repository, you must specify a valid 
1	When creating a service, set the type.
1	When creating an artifact, you will choose an `artifactType` from 
1	When creating an interface, set the device.
1	When deleting Almanac properties, each property name must 
1	When hinting a commit ("%s") as rewritten, you must provide 
1	When hinting a commit ("%s") as unreadable, you must not 
1	When it is prohibitively expensive or complex to attain a 
1	When mail is sent to members of this project, you will no longer 
1	When mail is sent to members of this project, you will receive a 
1	When migrating from a local disk source, use the specified 
1	When moving objects between columns on a board, columns must 
1	When set to `true`, the authentication provider configuration 
1	When specifying %s or %s, you must specify both arguments 
1	When the diff was generated, the client was not able to 
1	When this diff was generated, it was not pushed to staging for 
1	When this diff was generated, the client did not support 
1	When this diff was generated, the repository was not configured 
1	When this test fails, it means the Celerity resource map is out 
1	When users add a factor for this provider, they are given this 
1	When users click the "Change Username" action on their profile pages 
1	When users create revisions in Differential, the default 
1	When users set or reset a password, it must have at least this 
1	When users write comments which have URIs, they will be 
1	When using "--caches", you must select at least one valid 
1	When you need to authenticate, a request will be pushed to the 
1	When you need to authenticate, a text message with a code will 
1	When you upload a file via drag-and-drop or the API, chunks must 
1	Where
1	Wherever you go, there you are.
1	Whether or not this signature is an exemption
1	Whether signatures on this doc are required to use this install
1	While the lock is held: users will be unable to write to this 
1	Whitelist 1.2.*.*
1	Whitelist 1.2.3.*
1	Whitelist Specific Addresses
1	Whitelists editor protocols for "Open in Editor".
1	Whitespace rendering is now handled automatically.
1	Whole Table
1	Whole word rewrite with common prefix and suffix.
1	Whole word rewrite with whitespace prefix and suffix.
1	Wide Masked
1	Wide Open Sky
1	Wiki Document %d
1	Wikipedia
1	Will Copy
1	Will Ignore Address
1	Will Send Invite
1	Windows
1	Winner at Things
1	Wireless
1	Wish
1	Wishlist
1	With **Vary Subjects** enabled, most mail subject lines will include 
1	With Extended Policy
1	With Extended Policy + Edit
1	With __--output__, overwrite the output file if it already 
1	With __--output__, write a compressed file to disk instead 
1	With __--output__, write to disk even if the file already 
1	With afterPHIDs
1	With beforePHIDs
1	Without a configured timezone, PHP will emit warnings when working 
1	Woe! This request had its journey cut short by unexpected 
1	Wontfix
1	WordPress.com
1	Wordmark
1	Work
1	Work has already started on job "%s". Jobs can not be 
1	Work will continue on all builds. Really resume?
1	Work will continue on the build. Really resume?
1	Workboard Already Has Columns
1	Workboard: %s
1	Workcard (526px)
1	Worker Tasks
1	Worker has invalid actor PHID ("%s").
1	Worker has invalid job ID ("%s").
1	Worker has invalid task ID ("%s").
1	Worker has no job ID.
1	Worker has no task ID.
1	Working
1	Working Copy Error
1	Working Copy OK
1	Working Copy Status
1	Working From Home
1	Working Now
1	Working Set
1	Working copy %s has been deleted, or is not 
1	Working copy lease has invalid attribute "%s".
1	Working copy lease is missing required attribute "%s".
1	Working on task %d (%s)...
1	Workspace ID
1	Workspace Name
1	Would drop database "%s" on host "%s".
1	Would you like to decline this event?
1	Would you like to join this event?
1	Would you like to use the path %s instead?
1	Writable Service Refs
1	Write Post
1	Write SSH error log here.
1	Write SSH log here.
1	Write Wait
1	Write Wait (us)
1	Write a Post
1	Write a new Harbormaster build log. This is primarily intended 
1	Write access log here.
1	Write completed. Closing log...
1	Write hints about unusual (rewritten or unreadable) commits.
1	Write output directly to a file on disk.
1	Write output directly to disk. This handles errors better 
1	Write output to a file. If omitted, output will be sent to 
1	Write rate must be more than 0 bytes/sec.
1	Writes to search services failed while reindexing document "%s".
1	Writing
1	Writing atom cache.
1	Writing code is much more fun with friends!
1	Writing graph cache.
1	Writing log, slowly...
1	Writing logs to: %s
1	Writing map "%s".
1	Written by %s on %s in %s.
1	Wrong Column Type
1	Wrong Nullable Setting
1	Wrong Queue
1	Wrong Rule Type
1	Wrong Type
1	Wrote code that was acceptable
1	Wrote configuration key "%s" to database storage.
1	Wrote configuration key "%s" to local storage (in file "%s").
1	Wrote configuration on database host "%s".
1	Wrote fresh quickstart SQL.
1	Wrote new policy to local configuration.
1	Wrote to undeclared property %s.
1	X
1	XHProf Profiler
1	XHProf Samples
1	Y
1	Y So Serious
1	Yearly
1	Yearly event.
1	Yellow Medal
1	Yes (Optional)
1	Yesterday
1	Yikes!
1	You (or someone pretending to be you) recently requested an account 
1	You Have The Power
1	You Shall Not Pass: %s
1	You already have Duo authentication attached to your account 
1	You already have SMS authentication attached to your account.
1	You already have a provider of this type.
1	You and other users on this install are collectively sending too 
1	You are a member and you will receive mail that is sent to all 
1	You are about to apply a bulk edit which will affect 
1	You are adding too many email addresses to your account too quickly.
1	You are already logged in.
1	You are already watching %s, an ancestor of this project, and 
1	You are automatically subscribed to this object.
1	You are being rate limited.
1	You are being redirected to: %s
1	You are creating a new **bot** user account.
1	You are creating a new **mailing list** user account.
1	You are creating a new **standard** user account.
1	You are creating a new account linked to an existing 
1	You are currently editing %s inline comment(s) on this 
1	You are currently logged in as a user (%s) who has 
1	You are destroying an entire class of credentials. This may be 
1	You are editing the default values for this form.
1	You are logged in as %s, but the email address (%s) you just 
1	You are making too many attempts to add payment methods in a short 
1	You are not a member of any payment accounts. Payment 
1	You are not a project member, so you do not receive mail sent 
1	You are not currently tracking time on this object.
1	You are not the author of this revision.
1	You are not the creator of this flag.
1	You are not the revision owner, and this is not a draft comment 
1	You are performing too many actions too quickly.
1	You are running %s version "%s", which is older than the 
1	You are sending from an unrecognized email address to 
1	You are taking an action which requires you to enter 
1	You are taking an action which requires you to provide 
1	You are the last member, so you will never be able to rejoin 
1	You are trying to access this payment account as: %s
1	You are trying to act on this item from the wrong queue: it 
1	You are trying to gain access to an account ("%s") that can not 
1	You are trying to save some data to permanent storage, but the 
1	You are using an old version of MySQL (on host "%s") which has poor 
1	You are using an old version of MySQL (on host "%s"), and should 
1	You are using manual IDs. You must override the %s method 
1	You are viewing an older run of this build. %s
1	You are viewing an older version of this document, as it 
1	You are viewing an unpublished draft of this document.
1	You are viewing the current published version of this document.
1	You are viewing this payment account as: %s
1	You are watching this project and will receive mail about 
1	You arrive at your destination, but there is nothing here.
1	You awake in a twisting maze of mirrors, all alike. 
1	You can adjust **Application Settings** here to customize when 
1	You can also paste a diff above, or upload a file 
1	You can also upload files by dragging and dropping them from your 
1	You can change your date and time preferences in Settings.
1	You can choose to use either a monospaced or variable-width font 
1	You can continue to the file detail page to get more 
1	You can continue to the file detail page to monitor the 
1	You can customize the font used when showing monospaced text, 
1	You can eat them.
1	You can find an Asana project ID by clicking the project in Asana and 
1	You can find more information about PHP configuration values 
1	You can find more information about configuring OPcache in 
1	You can find more information about rebuilding the search 
1	You can find more information about this new identity mapping 
1	You can flag this %s if you want to remember to look 
1	You can link your %s account to an external account to 
1	You can manually schedule an update for this repository. The 
1	You can not "--list" and revoke credentials (with "--from" or 
1	You can not "--promote" an entire service ("%s"). Only a single 
1	You can not abandon this revision because it has already been 
1	You can not abandon this revision because you are not the 
1	You can not abort a build that uses an autoplan.
1	You can not abort this build because it is already aborting.
1	You can not abort this build because it is already complete.
1	You can not accept a draft revision.
1	You can not accept this commit because you are the commit 
1	You can not accept this commit because you have already 
1	You can not accept this revision because it has already been 
1	You can not accept this revision because you are the revision 
1	You can not accept this revision because you have already 
1	You can not access the user inside the implementation of a Conduit 
1	You can not add JIRA issues (%s) to this revision because your 
1	You can not add milestones to this project.
1	You can not add subprojects to this project.
1	You can not apply transactions which already have 
1	You can not apply transactions which already have IDs/PHIDs!
1	You can not attach an ICS URI to an import type other than 
1	You can not attach an ICS file to an import type other than 
1	You can not attach an interface to a device which you do not 
1	You can not attach an interface to a nonexistent or restricted 
1	You can not attach audit authority for a user with no PHID.
1	You can not back a closed initiative.
1	You can not bind a nonexistent or restricted service.
1	You can not bind a service to an invalid or restricted 
1	You can not bind a service to the same interface multiple 
1	You can not bind a service which you do not have permission 
1	You can not both "--enable" and "--disable" the lock log.
1	You can not both "--enable" or "--disable" with search 
1	You can not call newQueryFromRequest() in this method ("%s") 
1	You can not change members of a milestone. Members of the 
1	You can not change members of a project with subprojects 
1	You can not change the version control system an existing 
1	You can not change usernames because you are not an 
1	You can not change your display availability for events you 
1	You can not close this revision because it has already been 
1	You can not close this revision because it has not been accepted. 
1	You can not close this revision because you are not the 
1	You can not commandeer this revision because it has already 
1	You can not commandeer this revision because you already own 
1	You can not commandeer this revision because you are already 
1	You can not create a document which does not have a parent.
1	You can not create a relationship (of type "%s") to object 
1	You can not create a revision without a diff.
1	You can not create a rule for that object, because you 
1	You can not create a subproject or milestone under this parent 
1	You can not create an empty diff. Paste a diff or upload a 
1	You can not create that relationship because it would create a 
1	You can not deprecate or disable the last active MFA 
1	You can not disable import of an ICS file because the entire import 
1	You can not disable this address because it has been 
1	You can not disabled this address because it is already 
1	You can not edit this comment because the conversation is 
1	You can not enable or disable your own account.
1	You can not enable this address because it has been 
1	You can not enable this address because it is already 
1	You can not hide the default/backlog column on a board.
1	You can not import columns from that workboard because it has 
1	You can not import columns into this workboard because it 
1	You can not interact with this object because it is locked.
1	You can not interact with this post because it is locked.
1	You can not interact with this task because it is locked.
1	You can not issue a policy query with both %s and %s.
1	You can not issue this command because you do not have 
1	You can not lock this task and unassign it at the same time 
1	You can not lock this task because it does not have an assignee. 
1	You can not make a disabled number a primary contact number.
1	You can not make a disabled number your primary contact number.
1	You can not manually disable builtin URIs.
1	You can not manually disable builtin URIs. To hide a builtin 
1	You can not mark this comment as complete: you did not author 
1	You can not move a document to its existing location. 
1	You can not move a tab relative to itself.
1	You can not move tasks from a column to itself.
1	You can not move tasks to a hidden column.
1	You can not move this document there, because it would 
1	You can not operate on all files with "--all" and also operate 
1	You can not pause a build that uses an autoplan.
1	You can not pause this build because it has already completed.
1	You can not pause this build because it is already aborting.
1	You can not pause this build because it is already paused.
1	You can not pause this build because it is already pausing.
1	You can not pause this build because it is already restarting.
1	You can not plan changes to a draft revision.
1	You can not plan changes to this revision because it has 
1	You can not plan changes to this revision because you do not 
1	You can not post an empty comment.
1	You can not process build log chunks unless the log lock is 
1	You can not put an interface on a nonexistent or restricted 
1	You can not query for inline comments without also querying for 
1	You can not query subscriptions for a merchant you do not 
1	You can not query subscriptions for an account you are not 
1	You can not raise a concern with this commit because you are 
1	You can not raise a concern with this commit because you have 
1	You can not reclaim this revision because his revision is 
1	You can not reclaim this revision because it has not been 
1	You can not reclaim this revision because you are not the 
1	You can not remove the assignee of this task because it is locked 
1	You can not remove this comment because the conversation is 
1	You can not remove yourself as an account manager.
1	You can not remove yourself as an merchant manager.
1	You can not reopen this revision because configuration prevents 
1	You can not reopen this revision because it is not closed. 
1	You can not reopen this revision because this revision is 
1	You can not request changes to a draft revision.
1	You can not request changes to this revision because it has 
1	You can not request changes to this revision because you are the 
1	You can not request changes to this revision because you have 
1	You can not request review of this revision because it has 
1	You can not request review of this revision because you are not 
1	You can not request verification of this commit because no 
1	You can not request verification of this commit because you 
1	You can not resign from this commit because you are not an 
1	You can not resign from this revision because it has already 
1	You can not resign from this revision because you are not a 
1	You can not resign from this revision because you have already 
1	You can not restart this build because you do not have 
1	You can not resume a build that uses an autoplan.
1	You can not resume this build because it is already aborting.
1	You can not resume this build because it is already restarting.
1	You can not resume this build because it is already resuming.
1	You can not resume this build because it is not paused. You can 
1	You can not run a configuration test for this repository 
1	You can not send this command to any of the current builds 
1	You can not send this user welcome mail because they are not 
1	You can not send welcome mail because you are not an 
1	You can not send welcome mail to this user because their account 
1	You can not set a credential for builtin URIs which this 
1	You can not set both a name and a name prefix!
1	You can not set the response digest for a challenge directly. 
1	You can not set this URI to use Read/Write IO because 
1	You can not shift this object in the selected space, because 
1	You can not shift this object into the selected space, because 
1	You can not sign a document on behalf of a corporation unless 
1	You can not sign a transaction group that has no other 
1	You can not specify both "--active" and "--archived" tasks: 
1	You can not specify both "--id" and "--all". Choose one or 
1	You can not start tracking time at a future time. Enter the 
1	You can not stop tracking time at a future time. Enter the 
1	You can not unconditionally disable %s by calling %s while a write 
1	You can not unlink this account because the administrator has 
1	You can not update this revision with the specified diff 
1	You can not update this revision with the specified diff ("%s") 
1	You can not use query constraint flags (like "--version", 
1	You can only abort some builds. Work will halt immediately on 
1	You can only associate a credential ("%s") with a repository 
1	You can only generate a new quickstart file if MySQL supports 
1	You can only pause some builds. Once the current steps complete, 
1	You can only recover the username for one account.
1	You can only restart some builds.
1	You can only resume some builds. Work will continue on builds 
1	You can only select a parent task when creating a 
1	You can only set a parent or milestone project when creating a 
1	You can only trust keys associated with Almanac devices.
1	You can only verify one address at a time.
1	You can opt to receive plain text email instead of HTML email. 
1	You can optionally include a heartfelt personal message in 
1	You can provide a custom highlighter engine by extending 
1	You can rebuild repository identities while the server is running.
1	You can rebuild the search index while the server is running.
1	You can record a signature exemption if a user has signed an 
1	You can remove your VCS password, which will prevent your 
1	You can respond to various application events by installing 
1	You can safely ignore these warnings if the install itself has 
1	You can selectively configure Herald by adding rules to prevent a 
1	You can set a limit for the maximum byte size of outbound mail. 
1	You can set a new password to replace the old password.
1	You can show more or fewer pages of surrounding context.
1	You can tell how warm a cat is by examining the coloration: cooler 
1	You can try again, or request a new link via email.
1	You can use this link to set a password on your account:
1	You can usually install a PHP extension using %s, %s, or %s. A 
1	You can view this account because you control %s merchant(s) it 
1	You canceled authentication.
1	You cannot enable an enabled application.
1	You do not control any merchant accounts. Merchant accounts are 
1	You do not currently have a VCS password set. If you set one, you 
1	You do not have a linked account on this provider, and thus 
1	You do not have access to OAuth authorizations.
1	You do not have access to any forms which are enabled and marked 
1	You do not have access to any forms which can be used to 
1	You do not have access to any of the spaces this query 
1	You do not have access to any spaces.
1	You do not have access to the application which provides this 
1	You do not have any MFA factors attached to your account, so 
1	You do not have authorization to call this method.
1	You do not have permission to access the Diffusion application, 
1	You do not have permission to access this repository.
1	You do not have permission to browse the user directory.
1	You do not have permission to configure forms for this 
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac devices 
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac devices.
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac namespaces 
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac namespaces.
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac networks.
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac services 
1	You do not have permission to create Almanac services.
1	You do not have permission to create Drydock blueprints.
1	You do not have permission to create Fund initiatives.
1	You do not have permission to create Harbormaster build plans.
1	You do not have permission to create OAuth applications.
1	You do not have permission to create Phortune merchant accounts.
1	You do not have permission to create a Phurl URL.
1	You do not have permission to create a blog.
1	You do not have permission to create a countdown.
1	You do not have permission to create a dashboard.
1	You do not have permission to create badges.
1	You do not have permission to create new cluster services.
1	You do not have permission to create new documents.
1	You do not have permission to create new projects.
1	You do not have permission to create new repositories.
1	You do not have permission to create new rooms.
1	You do not have permission to create or edit identities.
1	You do not have permission to create or manage global rules.
1	You do not have permission to create publishers.
1	You do not have permission to create spaces.
1	You do not have permission to create these objects.
1	You do not have permission to create users.
